A meteor strikes a houseboat in the swamps near a southern town populated by Yankees with fake accents. The people on the houseboat become zombies who feed on the alligators in the swamp. ...
"A baby alligator is flushed down a Chicago toilet and survives by eating discarded laboratory rats injected with growth hormones. The small reptile grows gigantic, escapes the city sewers, and goes on a rampage."
A Harvard scientist conducts experiments on himself with a hallucinatory drug and an isolation chamber that may be causing him to regress genetically.
"A group of tourists become stranded on an uninhabited island where they are stalked by an insane, violent, and grotesque killer that slaughtered the town's former residents."
A man tries to explain to his psychiatrist that the Boogeyman is real and has been killing his children.
"The ""Missing Heart Murders"" are plaguing San Francisco - dead bodies that turn up with their hears surgically removed! So a weak-stomached homicide cop looks into the possibilities of a ..."
A man staying at a secluded historical mansion finds himself being haunted by the presence of a spectre.
A relaxing Christmas vacation turns into a terrifying fight for survival as the children begin to turn on their parents.
"A toy factory worker, mentally scarred as a child upon learning Santa Claus is not real, suffers a nervous breakdown after being belittled at work, and embarks on a Yuletide killing spree."
"A shy, lonely film buff embarks on a killing spree against those who browbeat and betray him, all the while stalking his idol, a Marilyn Monroe lookalike."
An unearthly fog rolls into a small coastal town exactly 100 years after a ship mysteriously sank in its waters.
"A group of camp counselors are stalked and murdered by an unknown assailant while trying to reopen a summer camp which, years before, was the site of a child's drowning."
"Scientific experiments backfire and produce horrific mutations: half man, half fish, which terrorize a small fishing village by killing the men and raping the women."
"In the autumn of 1900, outlaw Claude Barbee puts his 'retirement plan' in action, attempting to lead his train-robbing gang across Texas to recover a cash stash hidden after a botched railroad heist."
"A writer of horror stories is invited to a ""monster club"" by a mysterious old gentleman. There, three gruesome stories are told to him; between each story some musicians play their songs."
"A seemingly friendly farmer and his sister kidnap unsuspecting travelers and bury them alive, using them to create the ""special meat"" they are famous for."
"Professor Nugent and his students try to track down Bigfoot, but end up uncovering something more sinister at work."
"A woman's lover poisons her cruel husband, a rich businessman, in front of her. She becomes more terrified when she finds the lover dead as well. A police detective suddenly shows up at her door."
A new commanding officer arrives at a remote castle serving as an insane asylum for mentally ill and A.W.O.L. U.S. soldiers where he attempts to rehabilitate them by allowing them to live ...
"Donna's senior prom is supposed to be the best night of her life, though a sadistic killer from her past has different plans for her and her friends."
A man discovers that he has psychotronic powers--the ability to will people to die. He begins exercising that power.
Two lovers stationed at a remote base in the asteroid fields of Saturn are intruded upon by a retentive technocrat from Earth and his charge: a malevolent eight foot robot.
"An advice columnist begins receiving threatening notes from an anonymous stalker. Meanwhile, members of her group therapy session are being murdered by an unknown assailant."
"A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where a sinister presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from both past and future."
"Set in the deep freeze of a northern Michigan winter, when a group of college students volunteer to assist their psychology professor with his research, their weekend retreat turns into a nightmare."
"Three years after a prank that went terribly awry, the six college students responsible are targeted by a masked killer at a New Year's Eve party aboard a moving train."
A trio of female reporters find themselves staying overnight in a house occupied by a hostile being lurking in the basement.
"When a family moves to a country home, the young girls experience strange happenings that have a link to an occult event years past."
"A remake of 1944's Lon Chaney film Weird Woman (the first was Burn, Witch, Burn! in 1962) is more of a horror spoof, as three women use witchcraft to help their professor husbands further ..."
"A comic-book artist meets a woman on the NY streets, but after a quick flirtation, she suddenly collapses, and is picked-up by an old ambulance. He checks all the hospitals in the area, but the woman seems to have disappeared."
A species of South American killer spider hitches a lift to the U.S. in a coffin and starts to breed and kill.
Duane and his basket-bound mutant brother are taken in by a secret home for wayward freaks with journalists hot on their tail.
Doctors Herbert West and Dan Cain discover the secret to creating human life and proceed to create a perfect woman from dead tissue.
"Robot teachers have been secretly placed in the schools where the students have run riot. The teachers do a good job of controlling the unruly youngsters, until they go too far and some ..."
"Unicom is a powerful organization overseeing most of the world after its economic collapse. They have banned computers and robots in an attempt to insure ""life, liberty, and the pursuit of ..."
"The Daughter of Darkness is an atmospheric, sub-hallucinogenic venture into the world of the unknown. The enigma facing the young woman is the identity of her father. Unfortunately for her ..."
"Chaank Armaments is experimenting with the ultimate fighting machine which is part human - part machine. So far, the Hardman project has been unreliable and has killed a number of innocent ..."
"An evil succubus is preying on libidinous black men in New York City, and all that stands in her way is a minister-in-training, an aspiring actor, and a cop who specializes in cases involving the supernatural."
"A police Lieutenant uncovers more than he bargained for as his investigation of a series of murders, which have all the hallmarks of the deceased Gemini serial killer, leads him to question the patients of a psychiatric ward."
"When a teenage girl is possessed by a mysterious entity, her mother seeks the help of two priests to save her daughter."
Follows the same pattern of the other Faces of Death movies. In this one we see many staged and not so staged looking deaths ranging from bungee jumping accidents and magic tricks gone bad.
"A dedicated L.A. police detective and a female psychic must stop a demonic serial killer who was given the powers of resurrection, teleportation and possession."
"Five medical students experiment with ""near death"" experiences, until the dark consequences of past tragedies begin to jeopardize their lives."
A medical student sets out to recreate his decapitated fiancée by building her a new body made of Manhattan street prostitutes.
"The ultimate weapon, which was meant to be safe for humankind, produces global side-effects, including time slides and disappearances. The scientist behind the project and his car are ..."
"The Gremlins are back, and this time, they've taken control of a New York City media mogul's high-tech skyscraper."
A boy inadvertently breaks three important rules concerning his new pet and unleashes a horde of malevolently mischievous monsters on a small town.
A cynical bounty hunter and a clerk traveling through the prairie rest by the campfire telling four stories of terror to each other.
"Henry, a drifter, commits a series of brutal murders, supposedly operating with impunity."
A reporter investigating the bizarre death of a woman who leaped from a building in flames finds herself mixed up in a cult of witches who are making her part of their sacrificial ceremony during the Christmas season.
"In the summer of 1989, a group of bullied kids band together to destroy a shape-shifting monster, which disguises itself as a clown and preys on the children of Derry, their small Maine town."
Professor Gangreen attempts to brainwash the world; a police assistant and a tomatologist team up to stop him.
A young psychiatric intern unearths secrets about the mental health facility in which he works.
"A supernatural, maniac killer cop teams up with a Times Square serial killer."
"A virus from outer space transforms a bio-researcher into a blood thirsty monster. But chief, Dr.Vialini doesn't like the cops and public to be involved in this secret experiment. But he ..."
"A serial killer gets sent to a mental institution, but as his insidious presence cause the doctors and orderlies to receive strange visions, his psychiatrist tries to find out his true identity."
"A ragtag group of Pennsylvanians barricade themselves in an old farmhouse to remain safe from a bloodthirsty, flesh-eating breed of monsters who are ravaging the East Coast of the United States."
"A troubled young man is drawn to a mythical place called Midian where a variety of friendly monsters are hiding from humanity. Meanwhile, a sadistic serial killer is looking for a patsy."
"It is the time of the Spanish Inquisition. Maria does not like what is going on during the ""Auto De Fe"". When she speaks out, she is arrested and accused of being a witch. Torquemada has ..."
"Amidst a territorial gang war in 1997, a sophisticated alien hunter stalks the citizens of Los Angeles and the only man between him and his prey is veteran L.A.P.D. officer, Lieutenant Mike Harrigan."
"The malevolent spirit of Mary Lou Maloney returns to Hamilton High, where she manipulates a naive male student into helping her wreak havoc on the school."
Norman Bates recalls his childhood with his abusive mother while fearing his unborn child will inherit his split personality disorder.
"A Phoenix secretary embezzles forty thousand dollars from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother."
"NYPD detectives Shepard and Powell are working on a bizarre case of a ritualistic Aztec murder. Meanwhile, something big is attacking people of New York and only greedy small time crook Jimmy Quinn knows where its lair is."
"In the 1950's, a young boy living with his troublesome family in rural USA fantasizes that a neighboring widow is actually a vampire, responsible for a number of disappearances in the area."
"Parody of The Exorcist (1973), with Linda Blair once again possessed by Satan, and Leslie Nielsen as the exorcist."
"Four teenagers are killed in a car accident. Two of the teenagers refuse to go with ""The Grim Reaper"" and a race between life and death ensues!"
"A young man finds out that his parents had been used in an atomic-weapons experiment shortly before he was born, and that the results have had some unexpected effects on him."
A young Seminole Indian uses his rattlesnake to take revenge on all those he believes have wronged him.
A young boy tells three stories of horror to distract a witch who plans to eat him.
Natives of a small isolated town defend themselves against strange underground creatures which are killing them one by one.
"A family vacationing in a small town discovers the entire town is inhabited by goblins in disguise as humans, who plan to eat them."
Group of immigrant Haitian farm workers tries to fight off an evil Haitian voodoo priest who tries to kill them & use their body parts to make up a zombie army.
Witch from the first Witchcraft movie stalks the now teenage child. She attempts to kill his friends in order to slowly corrupt him to Satan. However the boy is able to defeat the evil ...
"A young boy stumbles onto a witch convention and must stop them, even after he has been turned into a mouse."
A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Australian supermarket inside the building - along with 12-foot Great White Sharks.
"Cody, a little girl abandoned by her mother and raised by her aunt, a nurse, is kidnapped. The girl's guardian, aided by an F.B.I. Agent, learn that Cody has supernatural abilities, and the abductees are a Satanic cult wanting to harness her abilities."
"A group of tourists arrives in Burkittsville, Maryland after seeing The Blair Witch Project (1999) to explore the mythology and phenomenon, only to come face to face with their own neuroses and possibly the witch herself."
"Three film students vanish after traveling into a Maryland forest to film a documentary on the local Blair Witch legend, leaving only their footage behind."
"An F.B.I. Agent persuades a social worker, who is adept with a new experimental technology, to enter the mind of a comatose serial killer in order to learn where he has hidden his latest kidnap victim."
"In the small town of Cherry Falls, a psychotic murderer is killing off the virgins of the local high school."
"A group of thieves breaks into a chamber expecting to find paintings, but instead they release the count himself, who travels to New Orleans to find his nemesis' daughter, Mary Van Helsing."
"After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash, he prevents the accident only to have Death hunt them down, one by one."
"When the leader of a team of scientists volunteers to be the test subject for their experiment in human invisibility, he slowly unravels and turns against them, with horrific consequences."
"A scientist finds a way of becoming invisible, but in doing so, he becomes murderously insane."
"A Catholic teacher meets an atheist journalist, whom a group of Catholics and priests believes has been chosen by the devil himself to be the Antichrist."
"In this second installment of the Whispering Corridors series, a young girl finds a strange diary, capable of arousing hallucinations, kept by two of her senior fellow-students who seem to have an unusually close bond."
"A commercial transport ship and its crew are marooned on a planet full of bloodthirsty creatures that only come out to feast at night. But then, they learn that a month-long eclipse is about to occur."
"Spoof of 1960s Beach Party/Gidget surfing movies mixed with slasher horror films. Florence Forrest, a not-so-innocent girl in 1960s Malibu, becomes ""Chicklet"", the first girl surfer at ..."
"While Sidney and her friends visit the Hollywood set of Stab 3, the third film based on the Woodsboro murders, another Ghostface killer rises to terrorize them."
"Two years after the first series of murders, as Sydney acclimates to college life, someone donning the Ghostface costume begins a new string of killings."
The filming of Nosferatu (1922) is hampered by the fact that its star Max Schreck is taking the role of a vampire far more seriously than seems humanly possible.
"Supernova chronicles the search and rescue patrol of a medical ship in deep space in the early 22nd century and its six-member crew which includes a captain and pilot, a co-pilot, a medical..."
A real estate agent terrifies a couple with the grim fates of the previous owners of a house they're looking at.
A film school is the center of a fresh spate of killings based on urban legends.
A college student suspects a series of bizarre deaths are connected to certain urban legends.
Two siblings become increasingly frightened by their grandparents' disturbing behavior while visiting them on vacation.
The wife of a university research scientist believes that her lakeside Vermont home is haunted by a ghost - or that she is losing her mind.
An adopted woman returns to her home country and the family home that she never knew and must face the mystery that lies there.
"A social worker fights to save a girl from her abusive parents, only to discover that the situation is more dangerous than she ever expected."
"After a strange and insecure plane crash, an unusual toxic virus enters a quaint farming town. A young couple are quarantined, but they fight for survival along with help from a couple of people."
"When an alien abduction nightmare is revealed to have been much more than a dream, a skeptical grad student studying the ""modern mythology"" of UFOs and ETs finds himself confronting an ..."
"In the year 2019, a plague has transformed almost every human into vampires. Faced with a dwindling blood supply, the fractured dominant race plots their survival; meanwhile, a researcher works with a covert band of vamps on a way to save humankind."
A young woman must save herself and her friends from an ancient evil that stalks its victims through the real-life phenomenon of sleep paralysis.
A group of people are trapped in an elevator and the Devil is mysteriously amongst them.
Roving clans of shape-shifting human/hyena creatures prowl and hunt for human prey. They are hunted by one man seeking revenge for the death of his loved ones.
A West Texas Deputy Sheriff is slowly unmasked as a psychotic killer.
A troubled evangelical minister agrees to let his last exorcism be filmed by a documentary crew.
"When a group of strangers at a dusty roadside diner come under attack by demonic forces, their only chance for survival lies with an archangel named Michael, who informs a pregnant waitress that her unborn child is humanity's last hope."
A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian.
"Oskar, an overlooked and bullied boy, finds love and revenge through Eli, a beautiful but peculiar girl."
"When Max, who is recovering from a traumatic accident, takes a job as a nighttime security guard, he begins to see visions of a young mysterious woman in the store's mirror."
An ex-cop and his family are the target of an evil force that is using mirrors as a gateway into their home.
A serial killer returns to his hometown to stalk seven children who share the same birthday as the date he was allegedly put to rest.
The monstrous spirit of a slain janitor seeks revenge by invading the dreams of teenagers whose parents were responsible for his untimely death.
"After experiencing what they think are a series of ""break-ins"", a family sets up security cameras around their home, only to realize that the events unfolding before them are more sinister than they seem."
"After moving into a suburban home, a couple becomes increasingly disturbed by a nightly demonic presence."
"While still out to destroy the evil Umbrella Corporation, Alice joins a group of survivors living in a prison surrounded by the infected who also want to relocate to the mysterious but supposedly unharmed safe haven known only as Arcadia."
"Survivors of the Raccoon City catastrophe travel across the Nevada desert, hoping to make it to Alaska. Alice joins the caravan and their fight against the evil Umbrella Corp."
"Agent Strahm is dead, and FBI agent Erickson draws nearer to Hoffman. Meanwhile, a pair of insurance executives find themselves in another game set by Jigsaw."
Genetic engineers Clive Nicoli and Elsa Kast hope to achieve fame by successfully splicing together the DNA of different animals to create new hybrid animals for medical use.
"Upon his return to his ancestral homeland, an American man is bitten, and subsequently cursed by, a werewolf."
"A demon, raised from infancy after being conjured by and rescued from the Nazis, grows up to become a defender against the forces of darkness."
"A 400-foot (122-meter) dinosaur-like beast, awoken from undersea hibernation off the Japanese coast by atomic-bomb testing, attacks Tokyo."
"When a young boy disappears, his mother, a police chief, and his friends must confront terrifying forces in order to get him back."
"Six strangers find themselves in a maze of deadly mystery rooms, and must use their wits to survive."
"A collection of animated short stories that span various genres including science fiction, fantasy, horror and comedy."
"Ordinary people find themselves in extraordinarily astounding situations, which they each try to solve in a remarkable manner."
"What if a child from another world crash-landed on Earth, but instead of becoming a hero to mankind, he proved to be something far more sinister?"
"In a post-apocalyptic world, a family is forced to live in silence while hiding from monsters with ultra-sensitive hearing."
"Three years after the zombie virus has gutted the United States of America a team of everyday heroes must transport the only known survivor of the plague from New York to California, where the last functioning viral lab waits for his blood."
"After escaping an attack by what he claims was a 70-foot shark, Jonas Taylor must confront his fears to save those trapped in a sunken submersible."
"A Walking Dead spin-off, set in Los Angeles, following two families who must band together to survive the undead apocalypse."
"Five young mutants, just discovering their abilities while held in a secret facility against their will, fight to escape their past sins and save themselves."
"After a violent incident with a special chemical, a research scientist is turned into a swamp plant monster."
"Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a mother and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety."
"A biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply."
A small group of American soldiers find horror behind enemy lines on the eve of D-Day.
"After a space merchant vessel perceives an unknown transmission as a distress call, its landing on the source moon finds one of the crew attacked by a mysterious lifeform, and they soon realize that its life cycle has merely begun."
"The mythical world starts a rebellion against humanity in order to rule the Earth, so Hellboy and his team must save the world from the rebellious creatures."
"The crew of a colony ship, bound for a remote planet, discover an uncharted paradise with a threat beyond their imagination, and must attempt a harrowing escape."
Tree Gelbman discovers that dying over and over was surprisingly easier than the dangers that lie ahead.
"When a botched U.S. government experiment turns a group of death row inmates into highly infectious vampires, an orphan girl might be the only person able to stop the ensuing crisis."
"Based on the stories of Stephen King, the series will intertwine characters and themes from the fictional town of Castle Rock."
"The last Gunslinger: Roland Deschain, has been locked in an eternal battle with Walter O'Dim, also known as the Man in Black, and determined to prevent him from toppling the Dark Tower that holds the universe together. With the fate of the world at stake, good and evil will collide in the ultimate battle, as only Roland can defend the Tower from the Man in Black."
"Years after a plague kills most of humanity and transforms the rest into monsters, the sole survivor in New York City struggles valiantly to find a cure."
A team of scientists aboard the International Space Station discover a rapidly evolving life form that caused extinction on Mars and now threatens all life on Earth.
"America's third political party, the New Founding Fathers of America, comes to power and conducts an experiment: no laws for 12 hours on Staten Island. No one has to stay on the island, but $5,000 is given to anyone who does."
"Former United Nations employee Gerry Lane traverses the world in a race against time to stop the Zombie pandemic that is toppling armies and governments, and threatening to destroy humanity itself."
A research team in Antarctica is hunted by a shape-shifting alien that assumes the appearance of its victims.
"A mysterious young woman seduces lonely men in the evening hours in Scotland. However, events lead her to begin a process of self-discovery."
"A shy student trying to reach his family in Ohio, a gun-toting tough guy trying to find the last Twinkie, and a pair of sisters trying to get to an amusement park join forces to travel across a zombie-filled America."
"In the weeks following an apocalyptic event, a husband and wife venture across the countryside inhabited by deadly factions in search of safety, and must work together as they are pushed to the breaking point in order to survive."
A young orphan named Lewis Barnavelt aids his magical uncle in locating a clock with the power to bring about the end of the world.
A group of scientists try to track down and trap a killer alien seductress before she successfully mates with a human.
"As kids, they escaped a UFO death cult. Now, two adult brothers seek answers after an old videotape surfaces and brings them back to where they began."
"In a desert dystopia, a young woman is kidnapped by cannibals."
"A half-vampire, half-mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race, while slaying evil vampires."
"Four weeks after a mysterious, incurable virus spreads throughout the UK, a handful of survivors try to find sanctuary."
A crew of space explorers embark on a mission to find a mysterious alien ship.
A rescue crew investigates a spaceship that disappeared into a black hole and has now returned...with someone or something new on-board.
"After getting in a car accident, a woman is held in a shelter with two men, who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack."
"An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious ""wellness center"" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps, but soon suspects that the spa's treatments are not what they seem."
"Orbiting a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis, and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality."
"A special military unit fights a powerful, out-of-control supercomputer and hundreds of scientists who have mutated into flesh-eating creatures after a laboratory accident."
"A modern revival of the classic science fiction horror anthology show The Outer Limits (1963). Episodes often have twist-endings and involve aliens. Sometimes, a story from one episode continues in a later episode."
"A wealthy family are held hostage for harboring the target of a murderous syndicate during the Purge, a 12-hour period in which any and all crime is legal."
"A freak storm unleashes a species of bloodthirsty creatures on a small town, where a small band of citizens hole up in a supermarket and fight for their lives."
A group of friends venture deep into the streets of New York on a rescue mission during a rampaging monster attack.
"After a deadly plague kills most of the world's population, the remaining survivors split into two groups - one led by a benevolent elder and the other by a maleficent being - to face each other in a final battle between good and evil."
"Blade, now a wanted man by the FBI, must join forces with the Nightstalkers to face his most challenging enemy yet: Dracula."
"After an all-night graduation beach party, a group of hung-over twenty-somethings awake to a beating sun, and a seemingly carnivorous beach that devours anything with a heartbeat that touches the sand."
"Many in the coastal town of Haven, Maine have a dormant curse or ""trouble"" that could trigger at any time for any reason. FBI agent Audrey Parker, the sheriff and the town's black sheep must deal with the troubles' deadly effects."
"After her last encounter, Ellen Ripley crash-lands on Fiorina 161, a maximum security prison. When a series of strange and deadly events occur shortly after her arrival, Ripley realizes that she has brought along an unwelcome visitor."
A drifter discovers a pair of sunglasses that allow him to wake up to the fact that aliens have taken over the Earth.
"After an epidemic spreads all over Australia, a father searches for someone willing to protect his daughter."
"200 years after her death, Ellen Ripley is revived as a powerful human/alien hybrid clone. Along with a crew of space pirates, she must again battle the deadly aliens and stop them from reaching Earth."
"Alice returns to where the nightmare began: The Hive in Raccoon City, where the Umbrella Corporation is gathering its forces for a final strike against the only remaining survivors of the apocalypse."
A family's Christmas takes a strange turn when they awake to find themselves trapped inside and begin receiving mysterious instructions through the television.
A brilliant but eccentric scientist begins to transform into a giant man/fly hybrid after one of his experiments goes horribly wrong.
"Biochemist Michael Morbius tries to cure himself of a rare blood disease, but he inadvertently infects himself with a form of vampirism instead."
"Blade forms an uneasy alliance with the vampire council in order to combat the Reapers, who are feeding on vampires."
A group of medical researchers discover a way to bring dead patients back to life.
Students suspect that their teachers are aliens after bizarre occurrences.
A corporate risk-management consultant must decide whether or not to terminate an artificially created humanoid being.
Plot is unknown.
Strange things begin to happen when a group of friends gather for a dinner party on an evening when a comet is passing overhead.
"A young man who works for horror and action films falls in love with a strange and gorgeous model just arrived from America. However this mysterious woman hides a dark, moving secret in her heart..."
A group of strangers struggle for survival aboard a spaceship heading to a distant planet.
"Six months after the rage virus was inflicted on the population of Great Britain, the US Army helps to secure a small area of London for the survivors to repopulate and start again. But not everything goes according to plan."
"A Native American owner of a kitschy roadside museum accidentally brings to life three dinosaur fossils. Now really annoyed, the giant dinos wreak havoc on the small town and the local university."
A priest disobeys church law to track down the vampires who kidnapped his niece.
A nerdy florist finds his chance for success and romance with the help of a giant man-eating plant who demands to be fed.
"After a young man is murdered by a road-racing gang of motor-heads, a mysterious fast-driving spirit descends from the sky to take revenge."
A group of people try to survive when machines start to come alive and become homicidal.
"An imprisoned vampire, Barnabas Collins, is set free and returns to his ancestral home, where his dysfunctional descendants are in need of his protection."
"Two crew members of a spaceship wake up from hypersleep to discover that all their colleagues are missing. Despite this, it appears that they are not alone."
"The Mystery Inc. gang must save Coolsville from an attack of past unmasked monsters brought to life by an evil masked figure trying to ""unmask"" the gang."
A weekend at a lake house in the Louisiana Gulf turns into a nightmare for seven vacationers as they are subjected to shark attacks.
Venomous spiders get exposed to a noxious chemical that causes them to grow to monumental proportions.
Friends on a camping trip discover that the town they're vacationing in is being plagued in an unusual fashion by parasitic aliens from outer space.
"High school student Kurosaki Ichigo is unlike any ordinary kid because he can see ghosts. After an accident with a hollow, he got a power.So begins Kurosaki Ichigo's training and duty as a Shinigami, Soul Reaper."
Japan is plunged into chaos upon the appearance of a giant monster.
"Four horror and science fiction segments, directed by four famous directors, each of them being a new version of a classic story from Rod Serling's landmark television series."
Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control.
"Three groups of people intertwine and are left stranded in the streets on Purge Night, trying to survive the chaos and violence that occurs."
"Former Police Sergeant Barnes becomes head of security for Senator Charlie Roan, a Presidential candidate targeted for death on Purge night due to her vow to eliminate the Purge."
"A couple in a troubled marriage locate a meteorite, initiating an encounter with a mysterious creature. Their lives are turned upside down by the discovery of the creature, which is a source of both pleasure and destruction."
"A small town is taken over by an alien plague, turning residents into zombies and all forms of mutant monsters."
"A group of small, furry aliens makes lunch out of the locals in a farming town."
"Told from Igor's perspective, we see the troubled young assistant's dark origins, his redemptive friendship with the young medical student Viktor Von Frankenstein, and become eyewitnesses to the emergence of how Frankenstein became the man - and the legend - we know today."
"Jason Voorhees returns with a new look, a new machete, and his same murderous attitude as he is awakened on a spaceship in the 25th century."
"After landing on a mysterious planet, a team of astronauts begin to turn on each other, swayed by the uncertain influence of the planet and its strange inhabitants."
Alice wakes up in Racoon city hospital after the city has been overrun by zombies. Alice must now make it out of the city before a mucilage bomb is dropped on the city.
A scientist and a teacher living in a dystopian future embark on a journey of survival with a special young girl named Melanie.
"For a group of teens, the answer to the mysterious death of their old friend lies within the world of an online video game based on the true story of an ancient noblewoman known as the Blood Countess."
"In 1914, a young man arrives at a remote island near the Antarctic Circle to take the post of weather observer only to find himself trapped in a watchtower besieged by deadly creatures which live in hiding on the island."
Plot undisclosed.
A tough-as-nails detective embarks on a relentless pursuit to free his son from a nightmarish alien warship.
"During an archaeological expedition on Bouvetøya Island in Antarctica, a team of archaeologists and other scientists find themselves caught up in a battle between the two legends. Soon, the team realize that only one species can win."
Space Marines are sent to investigate strange events at a research facility on Mars but find themselves at the mercy of genetically enhanced killing machines.
A game designer on the run from assassins must play her latest virtual reality creation with a marketing trainee to determine if the game has been damaged.
"After being rescued and brought to an island, a man discovers that its inhabitants are experimental animals being turned into strange-looking humans, all of it the work of a visionary doctor."
"When seeds drift to earth from space, mysterious pods begin to grow and invade a small town, replicating the residents one body at a time."
"A race of space vampires arrives in London and infects the populace, beginning an apocalyptic descent into chaos."
Four friends fleeing a viral pandemic soon learn they are more dangerous than any virus.
"In the town of Dillford, humans, vampires and zombies were all living in peace - until the alien apocalypse arrived. Now three teenagers - one human, one vampire, and one zombie - have to team up to figure out how to get rid of the visitors."
"An astronaut gets infected with alien DNA during the first mission on Mars and runs amok on earth. Preston and Laura team up with a peaceful, genetically re-engineered Sil to track the monster down."
"A group of kids get together in the woods, and tell ghost stories."
"When he acquires a different kind of show for his station, a sleazy cable-TV programmer begins to see his life and the future of media spin out of control in a terrifying new reality."
An obsessed scientist assembles a living being from parts of exhumed corpses.
"In 1590, Coronado dispatched a division of one thousand men to find the legendary city of gold, El Dorado. Those men never returned. While searching Baja peninsula caves as part of an ..."
"Remake of the 1958 sci-fi horror classic about a deadly blob from another planet which consumes everything in its path. Teenagers attempt without success to warn the townspeople, who refuse to take them seriously."
Tromaville has a monstrous new hero. The Toxic Avenger is born when meek mop boy Melvin falls into a vat of toxic waste. Now evildoers will have a lot to lose.
A young governess for two children becomes convinced that the house and grounds are haunted.
"When two bumbling employees at a medical supply warehouse accidentally release a deadly gas into the air, the vapors cause the dead to rise again as zombies."
"A group of scientists have developed the Resonator, a machine which allows whoever is within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality. But when the experiment succeeds, they are immediately attacked by terrible life forms."
"After an unprecedented global pandemic turns the majority of humankind into violent ""Infected,"" a man gifted with the ability to speak the Infected's new language leads the last survivors on a hunt for Patient Zero and a cure."
Alice fights alongside a resistance movement to regain her freedom from an Umbrella Corporation testing facility.
A bizarre series of sudden disappearances on the streets of New York City seems to point toward something unsavory living in the sewers.
A paranoid mathematician searches for a key number that will unlock the universal patterns found in nature.
"Science fiction suspense thriller, in which a rescue space ship crew meets up with horrors projected by their own imaginations."
The Critters return to Earth searching for a lost friend that was left behind. They land in Burbank and soon torment a group of high-schoolers and their families.
"In 2176, a Martian police unit is sent to pick up a highly dangerous criminal at a remote mining post. Upon arrival, the cops find that the post has become a charnel house."
"In the distant future, a federation marshal arrives at a research lab on a remote planet where a genetic experiment has gotten loose and begins feeding on the dwindling scientific group."
"A comet wipes out most of life on Earth, leaving two Valley Girls fighting against cannibal zombies and a sinister group of scientists."
"After an odd new medical student arrives on campus, a dedicated local and his girlfriend become involved in bizarre experiments centering around the re-animation of dead tissue."
Bloodthirsty creatures await a pack of divers who become trapped in an underwater cave network.
"Frankenstein's creature finds himself caught in an all-out, centuries old war between two immortal clans."
A couple who participated in a potent medical experiment gain telekinetic ability and then have a child who is pyrokinetic.
"Shortly after delivering a patient to an understaffed hospital, a police officer experiences strange and violent occurrences seemingly linked to a group of mysterious hooded figures."
"A group of heavily armed hijackers board a luxury ocean liner in the South Pacific Ocean to loot it, only to do battle with a series of large-sized, tentacled, man-eating sea creatures who had already invaded the ship."
"The Swamp Thing returns to battle the evil Dr. Arcane, who has a new science lab full of creatures transformed by genetic mutation, and chooses Heather Locklear as his new object of ..."
"The living dead have taken over the world, and the last humans live in a walled city to protect themselves as they come to grips with the situation."
A strange prehistoric beast lurks in the depths of the Amazonian jungle. A group of scientists try to capture the animal and bring it back to civilization for study.
"Warring Alien and Predator races descend on a rural Colorado town, where unsuspecting residents must band together for any chance of survival."
"In Moscow, five young people lead the charge against an alien race who have attacked Earth via our power supply."
Rod Serling presents tales of horror illustrated in various paintings.
A mad scientist transforms a panther into a man-like creature that escapes and goes on a murderous rampage.
"Despite being under heavy sedation, a young woman tries to make her way out of the Arboria Institute, a secluded, quasifuturistic commune."
"Three years ago, entomologist Dr. Susan Tyler genetically created an insect to kill cockroaches carrying a virulent disease. Now, the insects are out to destroy their only predator, mankind."
N/A
Follows the perilous journey of a rebellious young soldier who discovers he's the unlikely savior of humanity.
"After being told that their children never existed, a man and woman soon discover there is a much bigger enemy at work."
A man awakens from a coma to discover he has a psychic ability.
A scientist sends a man with extraordinary psychic powers to hunt others like him.
"After being brutally murdered in a subway station, a teen boy awakens to find himself resurrected by a strange computer named Gantz, and forced to fight a large force of invading aliens in Osaka."
A mother searches for her daughter after civilization collapses due to a Zombie outbreak.
"An anthology series that tells startling, stranger-than-fiction true crime stories, including a girl trying to escape her overprotective and abusive mother."
"Sheriff Deputy Rick Grimes wakes up from a coma to learn the world is in ruins, and must lead a group of survivors to stay alive."
"Two brothers follow their father's footsteps as hunters, fighting evil supernatural beings of many kinds, including monsters, demons, and gods that roam the earth."
"As her 16th birthday nears, Sabrina must choose between the witch world of her family and the human world of her friends. Based on the Archie comic."
"Hope Mikaelson, a tribrid daughter of a Vampire/Werewolf hybrid, makes her way in the world."
"An anthology series centering on different characters and locations, including a house with a murderous past, an insane asylum, a witch coven, a freak show, a hotel, a possessed farmhouse, a cult, and the apocalypse."
"When a young doctor suspects she may not be alone in her new Brooklyn loft, she learns that her landlord has formed a frightening obsession with her."
"The lives, loves, dangers and disasters in the town, Mystic Falls, Virginia. Creatures of unspeakable horror lurk beneath this town as a teenage girl is suddenly torn between two vampire brothers."
Chaos breaks out in a small Maryland town after an ecological disaster occurs.
A family of power-hungry thousand year old vampires look to take back the city that they built and dominate all those who have done them wrong.
"Flashing between past and present, a fractured family confronts haunting memories of their old home and the terrifying events that drove them from it."
"After the family matriarch passes away, a grieving family is haunted by tragic and disturbing occurrences, and begin to unravel dark secrets."
A young priest is sent to Rome to investigate the troubling death of the head of his order.
"A mere 200 yards from shore, surfer Nancy is attacked by a great white shark, with her short journey to safety becoming the ultimate contest of wills."
"In the dying days of the old west, an elderly sheriff and his posse set out to rescue their town's doctor from cannibalistic cave dwellers."
"A medical resident finds that being a zombie has its perks, which she uses to assist the police."
"Explorer Sir Malcolm Murray, American gunslinger Ethan Chandler, scientist Victor Frankenstein, and medium Vanessa Ives unite to combat supernatural threats in Victorian London."
"A contemporary prequel to Psycho, giving a portrayal of how Norman Bates' psyche unravels through his teenage years, and how deeply intricate his relationship with his mother, Norma, truly is."
A homicide detective discovers he is a descendant of hunters who fight supernatural forces.
"The story follows Jack, a highly intelligent serial killer, over the course of twelve years, and depicts the murders that really develop his inner madman."
"After his hometown is destroyed and his mother is killed, young Eren Yeager vows to cleanse the earth of the giant humanoid Titans that have brought humanity to the brink of extinction."
"A woman and her sister begin to link a mysterious tunnel to a series of disappearances, including that of her own husband."
"A troubled teen named Kit Gordy is forced to join the exclusive Blackwood Boarding School, just to find herself trapped by dark forces around its mysterious headmistress, Madame Duret."
"A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence."
"French dancers gather in a remote, empty school building to rehearse on a wintry night. The all-night celebration morphs into a hallucinatory nightmare when they learn their sangria is laced with LSD."
"In 1848, two real life warships, HMS Terror and HMS Erebus, sent on a Royal Naval expedition to find the treacherous Northwest Passage become trapped in ice near Arctic and face starvation, mutiny, cannibalism and a demonic polar bear."
Ed and Lorraine Warren travel to North London to help a single mother raising 4 children alone in a house plagued by a supernatural spirit.
"In 1905, a drifter on a dangerous mission to rescue his kidnapped sister tangles with a sinister religious cult on an isolated island."
"In World War II Italy, four fascist libertines round up nine adolescent boys and girls and subject them to one hundred and twenty days of physical, mental and sexual torture."
"Perched on the edge of the Arctic Circle, Fortitude is one of the safest towns on earth. There has never been a violent crime here. Until now."
A blossoming teenager uncovers the dark secret behind her traumatic childhood.
"A simple yet proud farmer in the year 1922 conspires to murder his wife for financial gain, convincing his teenage son to assist. But their actions have unintended consequences."
A young Jeffrey Dahmer struggles to belong in high school.
"A man accepts an invitation to a dinner party hosted by his ex-wife, an unsettling affair that reopens old wounds and creates new tensions."
A mysterious viral outbreak with hallmarks of an ancient and evil strain of vampirism ravages the city of New York.
A teenager's quest to launch Norwegian Black Metal in Oslo in the early 1990s results in a very violent outcome.
"In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds - and remembers."
"In mourning over the tragic drowning of their daughter Sarah, James and Adèle are visited by Ebrill, a young girl who claims she died 60 years ago - and bears a startling resemblance to Sarah."
"After the deaths of three children suspected to be killed by wolves, writer Russell Core is hired by the parents of a missing six-year-old boy to track down and locate their son in the Alaskan wilderness."
"A mother of two who inherits a house is confronted with murderous intruders on the first night in their new home and fights for her daughters' lives. Sixteen years later when the daughters reunite at the house, things get really strange."
"As his kingdom is being threatened by the Turks, young prince Vlad Tepes must become a monster feared by his own people in order to obtain the power needed to protect his own family, and the families of his kingdom."
"Ignoring the eerie warning of a troubled mother suspected of child endangerment, a social worker and her own small kids are soon drawn into a frightening supernatural realm."
"Sheila and Joel are married real estate agents in Santa Clarita, California. When Sheila dies, their lives take a dark turn."
A family's serene beach vacation turns to chaos when their doppelgängers appear and begin to terrorize them.
"After tragedy strikes, a grieving father discovers an ancient burial ground behind his home with the power to raise the dead."
An American newcomer to a prestigious German ballet academy comes to realize that the school is a front for something sinister amid a series of grisly murders.
A mother concerned about her young son's disturbing behavior thinks something supernatural may be affecting him.
"Viago, Deacon and Vladislav are vampires who are finding that modern life has them struggling with the mundane - like paying rent, keeping up with the chore wheel, trying to get into nightclubs and overcoming flatmate conflicts."
"Twenty-seven years later, the Losers Club have grown up and moved away, until a devastating phone call brings them back."
"A young African-American visits his white girlfriend's parents for the weekend, where his simmering uneasiness about their reception of him eventually reaches a boiling point."
Cinema's top lethal lady vengeance returns in the most anticipated sequel of all time.
Three girls are kidnapped by a man with a diagnosed 23 distinct personalities. They must try to escape before the apparent emergence of a frightful new 24th.
"Columbus, Tallahasse, Wichita, and Little Rock move to the American heartland as they face off against evolved zombies, fellow survivors, and the growing pains of the snarky makeshift family."
Two young friends find a magic book that brings a ventriloquist's dummy to life.
A priest with a haunted past and a novice on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate the death of a young nun in Romania and confront a malevolent force in the form of a demonic nun.
"After moving to a new town, two brothers discover that the area is a haven for vampires."
"A man descends into paranoia after trapping what he believes to be the devil in his basement, but things take a dark turn when his family unexpectedly arrive for Christmas."
"Ash has spent the last thirty years avoiding responsibility, maturity, and the terrors of the Evil Dead until a Deadite plague threatens to destroy all of mankind and Ash becomes mankind's only hope."
"Determined to keep Annabelle from wreaking more havoc, demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren bring the possessed doll to the locked artifacts room in their home, placing her ""safely"" behind ..."
A horror anthology series with each episode inspired by a holiday.
Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse.
"Fifteen years after murdering his sister on Halloween night 1963, Michael Myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of Haddonfield, Illinois to kill again."
"A teen comes into possession of a new laptop and soon discovers that the previous owner is not only watching him, but will also do anything to get it back."
Sequel to The Devil's Rejects.
A medieval warrior's gruesome collection of heads is missing only one - the monster that killed his daughter years ago.
"The enchanted lives of a couple in a secluded forest are brutally shattered by a nightmarish hippie cult and their demon-biker henchmen, propelling a man into a spiraling, surreal rampage of vengeance."
"A college student must relive the day of her murder over and over again, in a loop that will end only when she discovers her killer's identity."
"A writer who is brutalized during her cabin retreat seeks revenge on her attackers, who left her for dead."
"Thirty years after her accidental death at her 1957 senior prom, the tortured spirit of prom queen Mary Lou Maloney returns to seek revenge."
A supernatural force sets out to exact revenge against art profiteers attempting to exploit a series of paintings by an unknown artist.
"The mythical world starts a rebellion against humanity in order to rule the Earth, so Hellboy (Ron Perlman) and his team must save the world from the rebellious creatures."
"Five friends go for a break at a remote cabin, where they get more than they bargained for, discovering the truth behind the cabin in the woods."
"Years following the events of ""The Shining"", a now-adult Dan Torrence meets a young girl with similar powers as his and tries to protect her from a cult known as The True Knot who prey on children with powers to remain immortal."
"Two criminals and their hostages unknowingly seek temporary refuge in a truck stop populated by vampires, with chaotic results."
Three teenage thieves infiltrate a mansion dinner party secretly hosted by a group of recovering murderers for the social elite.
"Fifteen years after stabbing a classmate to conjure an imaginary phantom known as Mercy Black, Marina Hess is coming home. She's being released from psychiatric care to live with her sister..."
"A group of student activists travels to the Amazon to save the rain forest and soon discover that they are not alone, and that no good deed goes unpunished."
"When her mother disappears, Clary Fray learns that she descends from a line of warriors who protect our world from demons. She joins forces with others like her and heads into a dangerous alternate New York called the Shadow World."
"In a small town in Massachusetts, a group of friends, fascinated by the internet lore of the Slender Man, attempt to prove that he doesn't actually exist - until one of them mysteriously goes missing."
"A seemingly innocent man is abducted by a notorious L.A. serial killer, who forces his victims to role-play with him so that he can enact his capture, torture and murder fantasies."
"A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them."
A man's uneventful life is disrupted by the zombie apocalypse.
"A mad scientist kidnaps and mutilates a trio of tourists in order to reassemble them into a human centipede, created by stitching their mouths to each others' rectums."
The ancient vampire Count Dracula arrives in England and begins to prey upon the virtuous young Mina.
"An aspiring model, Jesse, is new to Los Angeles. However, her beauty and youth, which generate intense fascination and jealousy within the fashion industry, may prove themselves sinister."
"Twelve years after the tragic death of their little girl, a doll-maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home, where they become the target of the doll-maker's possessed creation, Annabelle."
"A year after the murder of her mother, a teenage girl is terrorized by a new killer, who targets the girl and her friends by using horror films as part of a deadly game."
"Charlie Manx, a seductive immortal who feeds off the souls of children, has his whole world threatened when a young woman in New England discovers she has a dangerous gift."
A harmless game of Truth or Dare among friends turns deadly when someone -- or something -- begins to punish those who tell a lie or refuse the dare.
"A teenager teams up with the daughter of young adult horror author R. L. Stine after the writer's imaginary demons are set free on the town of Madison, Delaware."
A husband and wife who recently lost their baby adopt a 9 year-old girl who is not nearly as innocent as she claims to be.
"After suspecting that their police officer neighbor is a serial killer, a group of teenage friends spend their summer spying on him and gathering evidence, but as they get closer to discovering the truth, things get dangerous."
"A father and son, both coroners, are pulled into a complex mystery while attempting to identify the body of a young woman, who was apparently harboring dark secrets."
A former child star torments her paraplegic sister in their decaying Hollywood mansion.
A young woman is followed by an unknown supernatural force after a sexual encounter.
A family looks to prevent evil spirits from trapping their comatose child in a realm called The Further.
"When a cop who is just out of rehab takes the graveyard shift in a city hospital morgue, she faces a series of bizarre, violent events caused by an evil entity in one of the corpses."
"An elite mercenary is killed, but comes back from Hell as a reluctant soldier of the Devil."
"A nurse, a policeman, a young married couple, a salesman, and other survivors of a worldwide plague that is producing aggressive, flesh-eating zombies, take refuge in a mega Midwestern shopping mall."
"Best friends Marie and Alexia decide to spend a quiet weekend at Alexia's parents' secluded farmhouse. But on the night of their arrival, the girls' idyllic getaway turns into an endless night of horror."
"Carrie White, a shy, friendless teenage girl who is sheltered by her domineering, religious mother, unleashes her telekinetic powers after being humiliated by her classmates at her senior prom."
"Five friends travel to a cabin in the woods, where they unknowingly release flesh-possessing demons."
An expecting Mother (Rachel) and husband (Matt) crash their car in the countryside and are offered shelter by a farmer and his wife. Rachel soon realizes the farmer's children are in fact ...
"A vampire tells his epic life story: love, betrayal, loneliness, and hunger."
"Anthology series hosted by Boris Karloff that originally told ordinary tales of crime and mystery, but later became a showcase for gothic horror stories, many of which were based on works ..."
"A suburban American family is being stalked by a group of psychotic people who live in the desert, far away from civilization."
"Secrets are just part of daily life in the small Pennsylvania town of Hemlock Grove,where the darkest evils hide in plain sight."
"When Katie innocently accepts an offer to have new photos taken for her portfolio, the experience quickly turns into a nightmare of rape, torture and kidnapping. Now, she will have to find the strength to exact her brutal revenge."
The events of one evening take an unexpected turn for the worst for a young boy trying to spy on his babysitter.
"A young woman's quest for revenge against the people who kidnapped and tormented her as a child leads her and a friend, who is also a victim of child abuse, on a terrifying journey into a living hell of depravity."
"Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees return to terrorize the teenage population. Except this time, they're out to get each other, too."
"After picking up a traumatized young hitchhiker, five friends find themselves stalked and hunted by a deformed chainsaw-wielding loon and his family of equally psychopathic killers."
A serialized anthology series that follows a group of teenagers being targeted by a masked serial killer.
"A young woman returns to the small town where her parents were murdered, only to find the past re-emerging as a new series of murders begins."
"Two strangers, who awaken in a room with no recollection of how they got there, soon discover they're pawns in a deadly game perpetrated by a notorious serial killer."
"A caving expedition goes horribly wrong, as the explorers become trapped and ultimately pursued by a strange breed of predators."
"Five friends head to a remote cabin, where the discovery of a Book of the Dead leads them to unwittingly summon up demons living in the nearby woods."
"A salvage crew discovers a long-lost 1962 passenger ship floating lifeless in a remote region of the Bering Sea, and soon notices that its long-dead inhabitants may still be on board."
An illustrious British boarding school becomes a bloody battleground when a mysterious sinkhole appears at a nearby fracking site unleashing unspeakable horror.
A brash and arrogant podcaster gets more than he bargained for when he travels to Canada to interview a mysterious recluse... who has a rather disturbing fondness for walruses.
"A young woman is involuntarily committed to a mental institution, where she is confronted by her greatest fear--but is it real or a product of her delusion?"
"A newcomer to a Catholic prep high school falls in with a trio of outcast teenage girls who practice witchcraft, and they all soon conjure up various spells and curses against those who anger them."
A deaf writer who retreated into the woods to live a solitary life must fight for her life in silence when a masked killer appears at her window.
"A brilliant man marries a beautiful woman and shows her his home, stating that it's all hers - except a room she can't enter. First chance she enters and discovers what might be human cloning. When the husband returns she pays the price."
"Vampire death dealer, Selene (Kate Beckinsale) fights to end the eternal war between the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her."
"Three backpackers head to a Slovak city that promises to meet their hedonistic expectations, with no idea of the hell that awaits them."
"Parapsychologist Dr. Elise Rainier faces her most fearsome and personal haunting yet, as she is drawn back to her ghostly childhood home, where the terror began."
"Supernatural detective John Constantine helps a policewoman prove her sister's death was not a suicide, but something more."
Five sisters in 19th century England must cope with the pressures to marry while protecting themselves from a growing population of zombies.
"In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces."
A nerdish boy buys a strange car with an evil mind of its own and his nature starts to change to reflect it.
"Angela is still haunted by the memory of being gang raped and almost killed years ago. At her therapist's advice, she joins group therapy, meeting similar women. She befriends one and they want more than just talk - justice/vengeance."
A punk rock band is forced to fight for survival after witnessing a murder at a neo-Nazi skinhead bar.
"Hansel & Gretel are bounty hunters who track and kill witches all over the world. As the fabled Blood Moon approaches, the siblings encounter a new form of evil that might hold a secret to their past."
"During a rescue mission into the Amazon rainforest, a professor stumbles across lost film shot by a missing documentary crew."
"A teenage boy and his father move to his recently-deceased mother's hometown, where they encounter the ancient Native American cemetery with the power to raise the dead."
Plot unknown. Third installment of the Conjuring franchise.
A detective and a psychoanalyst uncover evidence of a satanic cult while investigating the rape of a young woman.
"Ensconced in her sprawling California mansion, eccentric firearm heiress Sarah Winchester believes she is haunted by the souls of people killed by the Winchester repeating rifle."
"An anthology series based on popular Internet Creepypastas Candle Cove, The No-End House, Butcher's Block, and The Dream Door."
A family's home is haunted by a host of demonic ghosts.
Newlyweds are terrorized by demonic forces after moving into a large house that was the site of a grisly mass murder a year before.
"Six people find themselves trapped in the woods of West Virginia, hunted down by ""cannibalistic mountain men grossly disfigured through generations of in-breeding."""
"A grieving couple retreat to their cabin in the woods, hoping to repair their broken hearts and troubled marriage, but nature takes its course and things go from bad to worse."
Washed-up true-crime writer Ellison Oswalt finds a box of super 8 home movies that suggest the murder he is currently researching is the work of a serial killer whose work dates back to the 1960s.
"A semi-anthology series that centers on returning characters being terrorized by a serial killer in different locations, including a university and a hospital."
A couple begins to experience terrifying supernatural occurrences involving a vintage doll shortly after their home is invaded by satanic cultists.
"In the Far East, Alex O'Connell, the son of famed mummy fighters Rick and Evy O'Connell, unearths the mummy of the first Emperor of Qin -- a shape-shifting entity cursed by a witch centuries ago."
"The infamous story of Benjamin Barker, aka Sweeney Todd, who sets up a barber shop in London which is the basis for a sinister partnership with his fellow tenant, Mrs. Lovett."
Two siblings and three of their friends en route to visit their grandfather's grave in Texas end up falling victim to a family of cannibalistic psychopaths.
"A widowed mother, plagued by the violent death of her husband, battles with her son's fear of a monster lurking in the house, but soon discovers a sinister presence all around her."
A vampire hunter fights to save a besieged city from an army of otherworldly creatures controlled by Dracula.
"A zombie apocalypse threatens the sleepy town of Little Haven - at Christmas - forcing Anna and her friends to fight, slash and sing their way to survival, facing the undead in a desperate race to reach their loved ones. But they soon discover that no one is safe in this new world, and with civilization falling apart around them, the only people they can truly rely on are each other."
"LOOK AWAY is a psychological thriller that tells the story of Maria, an alienated high-school student whose life is turned upside down when she switches places with her sinister mirror image."
A journalist must investigate a mysterious videotape which seems to cause the death of anyone one week to the day after they view it.
Two American college students on a walking tour of Britain are attacked by a werewolf that none of the locals will admit exists.
"Anthology series which mixes dark humor with genres like crime, horror or drama. The show invites viewers into some very different No.9s, where the ordinary and mundane rub shoulders with the extraordinary and macabre."
"A woman tries to exonerate her brother, who was convicted of murder, by proving that the crime was committed by a supernatural phenomenon."
"Three more bone-chilling tales that include a vengeful wooden Native American, a monstrous blob in a lake, and a hitchhiker who wants revenge and will not die."
"After a sudden underwater tremor sets free scores of the prehistoric man-eating fish, an unlikely group of strangers must band together to stop themselves from becoming fish food for the area's new razor-toothed residents."
"After a highly unusual zombie saves a still-living girl from an attack, the two form a relationship that sets in motion events that might transform the entire lifeless world."
A young woman travels to Texas to collect an inheritance; little does she know that an encounter with a chainsaw-wielding killer is part of the reward.
A Texas Ranger is in hot pursuit of the infamous Gecko brothers and their hostages. They all end up trapped in a desert bar secretly run by vampires and discover a vampire conspiracy.
"Rebecca must unlock the terror behind her little brother's experiences that once tested her sanity, bringing her face to face with a supernatural spirit attached to their mother."
Affable hillbillies Tucker and Dale are on vacation at their dilapidated mountain cabin when they are mistaken for murderers by a group of preppy college students.
A young woman's sexual awakening brings horror when she discovers her urges transform her into a monstrous black leopard.
"A woman, separated from her unfaithful husband, falls for a younger man who has moved in next door, but their torrid affair soon takes a dangerous turn."
"An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive."
"A repressed female psychiatrist wakes up as a patient in the asylum where she worked, with no memory of why she is there or what she has done."
Four teen girls diving in a ruined underwater city quickly learn they've entered the territory of the deadliest shark species in the claustrophobic labyrinth of submerged caves.
"A young man and his three younger siblings, who have kept secret the death of their beloved mother in order to remain together, are plagued by a sinister presence in the sprawling manor in which they live."
"When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead."
"Sakinah, a poor single mom in an isolated village, is haunted by an evil spirit linked to Abuja, a man with misleading religious teachings, and Adam have to embark on a rescue mission to ..."
"A depressed musician reunites with his lover. Though their romance, which has already endured several centuries, is disrupted by the arrival of her uncontrollable younger sister."
"A likable guy pursues his office crush with the help of his evil talking pets, but things turn sinister when she stands him up for a date."
A young couple take in their two nieces only to suspect that a supernatural spirit named Mama has latched itself to their family.
"A ""National Geographic"" film crew is taken hostage by an insane hunter, who forces them along on his quest to capture the world's largest - and deadliest - snake."
"Pregnant with director Roman Polanski's child and awaiting his return from Europe, 26-year-old Hollywood actress Sharon Tate becomes plagued by visions of her imminent death."
Four young friends bound by a tragic accident are reunited when they find themselves being stalked by a hook-wielding maniac in their small seaside town.
"A woman, Rose, goes in search for her adopted daughter within the confines of a strange, desolate town called Silent Hill."
Three friends stumble upon the horrific origins of a mysterious figure they discover is the root cause of the evil behind unspeakable acts.
"Three scouts, on the eve of their last camp-out, discover the true meaning of friendship when they attempt to save their town from a zombie outbreak."
"A Russian woman travels to America with her daughter to marry a reclusive billionaire, who turns out to be a psycho who sends their lives spiraling into a living hell."
An unfaithful wife encounters the zombie of her dead lover; the demonic cenobites are pursuing him after he escaped their sadomasochistic underworld.
A maniacal clown terrorizes three young women on Halloween night and everyone else who stands in his way.
A woman who lives in her darkened old family house with her two photosensitive children becomes convinced that the home is haunted.
"In 1983, financially struggling college student Samantha Hughes takes a strange babysitting job that coincides with a full lunar eclipse. She slowly realizes her clients harbor a terrifying secret, putting her life in mortal danger."
A group of college students break into an abandoned convent and become possessed by demonic spirits.
"Desperate to help her ailing brother, a young woman unknowingly agrees to compete in a deadly game of ""Would You Rather,"" hosted by a sadistic aristocrat."
"The Candyman, a murderous soul with a hook for a hand, is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster's myth."
"Five strangers converge at a haunted movie theater owned by The Projectionist (Mickey Rourke). Once inside, the audience members witness a series of screenings that shows them their deepest fears and darkest secrets over five tales."
"When her adoptive father disappears, Sharon Da Silva is drawn into a strange and terrifying alternate reality that holds answers to the horrific nightmares that have plagued her since childhood."
Two psychopathic young men take a family hostage in their cabin.
Two young couples traveling across the backwoods of Texas searching for urban legends of murder end up as prisoners of a bizarre and sadistic backwater family of serial killers.
"Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate the decapitations of three people, with the culprit being the legendary apparition, The Headless Horseman."
"After a doctor is called to visit a crumbling manor, strange things begin to occur."
A picture-perfect family is shattered when the work of a serial killer hits too close to home. Dylan McDermott stars in this chilling portrait of all-American evil.
"A man is accidentally transported to 1300 A.D., where he must battle an army of the dead and retrieve the Necronomicon so he can return home."
"Henry Spencer tries to survive his industrial environment, his angry girlfriend, and the unbearable screams of his newly born mutant child."
"After kidnapping and brutally assaulting two young women, a gang unknowingly finds refuge at a vacation home belonging to the parents of one of the victims: a mother and father who devise an increasingly gruesome series of revenge tactics."
"Four young men who belong to a New England supernatural legacy are forced to battle a fifth power long thought to have died out. Meanwhile, jealousy and suspicion threaten to tear them apart."
"A group of teenagers get into a car crash in the Texas woods on prom night, and then wander into an old farmhouse that is home to Leatherface and his insane family of cannibalistic psychopaths."
"Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son. Then a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge."
"A sheriff investigating the disappearance of a young girl from a small island discovers there's a larger mystery to solve among the island's secretive, neo-pagan community."
A wealthy San Francisco socialite pursues a potential boyfriend to a small Northern California town that slowly takes a turn for the bizarre when birds of all kinds suddenly begin to attack people.
"Bodies are turning up around the city, each having met a uniquely gruesome demise. As the investigation proceeds, evidence points to one suspect: John Kramer, the man known as Jigsaw, who has been dead for over 10 years."
"A man who specializes in debunking paranormal occurrences checks into the fabled room 1408 in the Dolphin Hotel. Soon after settling in, he confronts genuine terror."
"Taking inspiration from The Human Centipede films, the warden of a notorious and troubled prison looks to create a 500-person human centipede as a solution to his problems."
A teenager and his mother find themselves besieged by threatening forces when they move into a new house.
"Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States, discovers vampires are planning to take over the United States. He makes it his mission to eliminate them."
"Tales of horror based on the gruesome E.C. comic books of the 1950s presented by the legendary Crypt Keeper, a sinister ghoul obsessed with gallows humor and horrific puns."
"Alice, an ambitious camgirl, wakes up one day to discover she's been replaced on her show with an exact replica of herself."
"After a deadly viral outbreak, an elite squad of special forces soldiers must infiltrate a quarantine zone to rescue a scientist who holds the only cure to save mankind."
Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez's homage to exploitation double features in the 60s and 70s with two back-to-back cult films that include previews of coming attractions between them.
"When a woman learns of an immortality treatment, she sees it as a way to outdo her long-time rival."
"Five carnival workers are kidnapped and held hostage in an abandoned, Hell-like compound where they are forced to participate in a violent game, the goal of which is to survive twelve hours against a gang of sadistic clowns."
A secret agent exacts revenge on a serial killer through a series of captures and releases.
"Dracula, who operates a high-end resort away from the human world, goes into overprotective mode when a boy discovers the resort and falls for the count's teenaged daughter."
When she left Stonehaven - 'for good this time' - Elena Michaels thought she had left the world of supernatural behind. Until the night she got a mysterious call from her pack leader asking...
"Soon after a stranger arrives in a little village, a mysterious sickness starts spreading. A policeman, drawn into the incident, is forced to solve the mystery in order to save his daughter."
"A group of online chat room friends find themselves haunted by a mysterious, supernatural force using the account of their dead friend."
"After being mortally wounded and taken to the morgue, murderer Jason Voorhees spontaneously revives and embarks on a killing spree as he makes his way back to his home at Camp Crystal Lake."
"When Kimberly has a violent premonition of a highway pileup she blocks the freeway, keeping a few others meant to die, safe...Or are they? The survivors mysteriously start dying and it's up to Kimberly to stop it before she's next."
"A student's premonition of a deadly rollercoaster ride saves her life and a lucky few, but not from Death itself, which seeks out those who escaped their fate."
A teenage girl and her little brother must survive a wild 24 hours during which a mass hysteria of unknown origins causes parents to turn violently on their own kids.
A young solicitor travels to a remote village where he discovers the vengeful ghost of a scorned woman is terrorizing the locals.
Skeptical professor Phillip Goodman embarks on a trip to the terrifying after being given a file with details of three unexplained cases of apparitions.
Chief Brody's widow believes that her family is deliberately being targeted by another shark in search of revenge.
"Three American college students studying abroad are lured to a Slovakian hostel, and discover the grim reality behind it."
"Mrs. Voorhees is dead, and Camp Crystal Lake is shut down, but a camp next to the infamous place is stalked by an unknown assailant."
"A teenage Leatherface escapes from a mental hospital with three other inmates, kidnapping a young nurse and taking her on a road trip from hell, while being pursued by a lawman out for revenge."
"Angela Baker, a traumatized and very shy young girl, is sent to summer camp with her cousin. Shortly after her arrival, anyone with sinister or less than honorable intentions gets their comeuppance."
"Chucky returns to terrorize his human victim, Nica. Meanwhile, the killer doll has some scores to settle with his old enemies, with the help of his former wife."
A couple adopt an orphaned child whose dreams - and nightmares - manifest physically as he sleeps.
"After an experimental bio-weapon is released, turning thousands into zombie-like creatures, it's up to a rag-tag group of survivors to stop the infected and those behind its release."
"After a young man's premonition of a deadly race-car crash helps saves the lives of his peers, Death sets out to collect those who evaded their end."
Dramatizations of many Roald Dahl short stories.
"After returning to his childhood home, a disgraced children's puppeteer is forced to confront his wicked stepfather and the secrets that have tortured his entire life."
"In 1967 Los Angeles, a widowed mother and her daughters add a new stunt to bolster their seance scam business by inviting an evil presence into their home, not realizing how dangerous it is."
"Former FBI profiler Will Graham returns to service to pursue a deranged serial murderer named ""the Tooth Fairy"" by the media."
A retired pop singer turned actress' sense of reality is shaken when she is stalked by an obsessed fan and seemingly a ghost of her past.
A young couple staying in an isolated vacation home are terrorized by three unknown assailants.
A personal shopper in Paris refuses to leave the city until she makes contact with her twin brother who previously died there. Her life becomes more complicated when a mysterious person contacts her via text message.
"Desperate to repay his debt to his ex-wife, an ex-con plots a heist at his new employer's country home, unaware that a second criminal has also targeted the property, and rigged it with a series of deadly traps."
"Still haunted by his past, Tommy Jarvis - who, as a child, killed Jason Voorhees - wonders if the serial killer is connected to a series of brutal murders occurring in and around the secluded halfway house where he now lives."
A cello prodigy's pursuit for perfection takes a sinister turn.
A group of unwitting teens are stranded near a strange wax museum and soon must fight to survive and keep from becoming the next exhibit.
"Rose Hathaway is a Dhampir, half human-half vampire, a guardian of the Moroi, peaceful, mortal vampires living discreetly within our world. Her calling is to protect the Moroi from bloodthirsty, immortal Vampires, the Strigoi."
"Ten years have passed, and Sidney Prescott, who has put herself back together thanks in part to her writing, is visited by the Ghostface Killer."
"Set in Middle America, a group of teens receive an online invitation for sex, though they soon encounter fundamentalists with a much more sinister agenda."
A private investigator is hired by a man who calls himself Louis Cyphre to track down a singer named Johnny Favorite. But the investigation takes an unexpected and somber turn.
"When a pizza delivery driver is murdered on the job, the city searches for someone to blame: ghosts? drug dealers? a disgraced werewolf?"
An ordinary teenage boy discovers his family is part of a gruesome orgy cult for the social elite.
A mythological story about a goddess who created the entire universe. The plot revolves around the consequences when humans build a temple for her first-born.
An insurance investigator begins discovering that the impact a horror writer's books have on his fans is more than inspirational.
"Set during the time of the first outbreak of bubonic plague in England, a young monk is given the task of learning the truth about reports of people being brought back to life in a small village."
"A fraternity house throws their big ""Winter Luau"" party but when fraternity brothers and coeds begin dying horrible deaths they discover an evil entity has taken over the house."
"A loan officer who evicts an old woman from her home finds herself the recipient of a supernatural curse. Desperate, she turns to a seer to try and save her soul, while evil forces work to push her to a breaking point."
"A Tokyo college student is attacked by a ghoul, a superpowered human who feeds on human flesh. He survives, but has become part ghoul and becomes a fugitive on the run."
"After the events at Lake Victoria, the pre-historic school of blood-thirsty piranhas make their way into a newly opened waterpark."
"Tom returns to his hometown on the tenth anniversary of the Valentine's night massacre that claimed the lives of 22 people. Instead of a homecoming, Tom finds himself suspected of committing the murders, and it seems like his old flame is the only one that believes he's innocent."
Two brothers find themselves lost in a mysterious land and try to find their way home.
"When Cyrus Kriticos, a very rich collector of unique things dies, he leaves it all to his nephew and his family. All including his house, his fortune, and his malicious collection of ghosts!"
A great white shark hunts the crew of a capsized sailboat along the Great Barrier Reef.
"Two gangsters are given 72 hours to discover the whereabouts of a stash of drug money stolen by their boss. There's only one problem...they just murdered him. Frantic to find the cash, the ..."
"In the aftermath of his girlfriend's mysterious death, a young man awakens to find strange horns sprouting from his temples."
"Plot unknown. Sequel to the 2018 film, 'A Quiet Place'."
A psychiatrist familiar with knife-wielding dream demon Freddy Krueger helps teens at a mental hospital battle the killer who is invading their dreams.
"After a tragic car accident kills his wife, a man discovers he can communicate with the dead to con people. However, when a demonic spirit appears, he may be the only one who can stop it from killing the living and the dead."
A family of four staying at a secluded mobile home park for the night are stalked and then hunted by three masked psychopaths.
"In Warsaw, a pair of mermaid sisters are adopted into a cabaret. While one seeks love with humans the other hungers to dine on the human population of the city."
"A female Psychologist who has stopped practicing medicine, decides to take the case of Veronica de la Serna, a young woman whose previous therapist has mysteriously disappeared."
"Dorothy, saved from a psychiatric experiment by a mysterious girl, is somehow called back to Oz when a vain witch and the Nome King destroy everything that makes the magical land beautiful."
"After a new neighbor moved into the house next door, Charley discovers that he is an ancient vampire and goes in search for the help of Peter Vincent, a famous ""vampire killer"" to save his neighborhood from the creature."
"Set in a single room of an average American hotel, telling a different story of the assorted guests who pass through."
The vampire Lestat becomes a rock star whose music wakes up the queen of all vampires.
A group of college freshmen pledge an exclusive fraternity but soon realize there's more at stake than they could have ever imagined.
The lone survivor of an onslaught of flesh-possessing spirits holes up in a cabin with a group of strangers while the demons continue their attack.
"After losing his parents, a priest travels to China, where he inherits a mysterious ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. At first horrified by this new power, a hooker convinces him to use it to fight crime. And ninjas."
The secret to a Stepford wife lies behind the doors of the Men's Association of how women become different and immobilized robots.
A young FBI agent disappears while investigating a murder miles from Twin Peaks that may be related to the future murder of Laura Palmer; the last week of the life of Laura Palmer is chronicled.
"A family of friendly monsters have misadventures, never quite understanding why people react to them so strangely."
"The Leprechaun returns once again, when a group of girls unwillingly awaken him, when they tear down a cabin so that they can build a new sorority house."
"After an Alaskan town is plunged into darkness for a month, it is attacked by a bloodthirsty gang of vampires."
"16 year old Cassie Blake moves to Chance Harbor, Washington to live with her grandmother after her mother mysteriously dies. She discovers she's a witch along with 5 other teens."
"An estranged family take a trip to the desert in their used RV but become stranded and isolated in the scorching terrain. They soon learn their RV holds terrible, haunting secrets, and it starts killing them off one by one."
"A passionate holiday romance leads to an obsessive relationship, when an Australian photojournalist wakes one morning in a Berlin apartment and is unable to leave."
Post-apocalypses survival story of a single man looking for supplies.
"A masked serial killer turns a horror-themed amusement park into his own personal playground, terrorizing a group of friends while the rest of the patrons believe that it is all part of the show."
A team of scam artists get more than they bargained for when a job at a haunted county estate gets out of hand.
"Having revived from his wounds, Jason Voorhees takes refuge at a cabin near Crystal Lake. As a group of co-eds arrive for their vacation, Jason continues his killing spree."
A teenage girl discovers a box that carries magic powers and a deadly price for using them.
Disturbing and mysterious things begin to happen to a bartender in New Orleans after he picks up a phone left behind at his bar.
"Gary, who has just married Samantha, the woman of his dreams, discovers that her six-year-old son may be the Antichrist."
A woman starts exhibiting increasingly disturbing behavior after asking her husband for a divorce. Suspicions of infidelity soon give way to something much more sinister.
"Set in a medieval village that is haunted by a werewolf, a young girl falls for an orphaned woodcutter, much to her family's displeasure."
"A woman brings her family back to her childhood home, which used to be an orphanage for handicapped children. Before long, her son starts to communicate with an invisible new friend."
An employee at a weapons factory discovers that an energy drink turns his co-workers into zombies
Survivors of a suspension-bridge collapse learn there's no way you can cheat Death.
"When Eleanor, Theo, and Luke decide to take part in a sleep study at a huge mansion they get more than they bargained for when Dr. Marrow tells them of the house's ghostly past."
"A man who escapes from the vicious grips of the serial killer known as ""The Collector"" is then forced to help rescue an innocent girl from the killer's booby-trapped lair."
"A young woman grieving the loss of her mother, a famous scream queen from the 1980s, finds herself pulled into the world of her mom's most famous movie. Reunited, the women must fight off the film's maniacal killer."
"A group of high-schoolers invite Mandy Lane, an innocent, desirable girl, to a weekend party on a secluded ranch. While the festivities rage on, the number of revelers begins to drop mysteriously."
A routine military exercise turns into a nightmare in the Scotland wilderness.
"In the small town of Chanderi, the menfolk live in fear of an evil spirit named ""Stree"" who abducts men in the night. Based on the urban legend of ""Nale Ba"" that went viral in Karnataka in the 1990s."
A young couple's weekend getaway at a secluded mountain ranch becomes an unfathomable nightmare when they discover the truth about the caretaker.
"Refusing to let anything spoil their romantic weekend break, a young couple confront a gang of loutish youths with terrifyingly brutal consequences."
A thriller centered around a widower who moves into a seemingly perfect new home with his daughter and new wife.
"The true story of suburban housewife Gertrude Baniszewski, who kept a teenage girl locked in the basement of her Indiana home during the 1960s."
"Inspired by the fictional Dr. Heiter, disturbed loner Martin dreams of creating a 12-person centipede and sets out to realize his sick fantasy."
"New York police officer Ralph Sarchie investigates a series of crimes. He joins forces with an unconventional priest, schooled in the rites of exorcism, to combat the possessions that are terrorizing their city."
An anthology which tells five terrifying tales based on the E.C. horror comic books of the 1950s.
"Upon arriving in a small town where she has inherited a rundown mansion, a famous horror hostess battles an evil uncle, and townspeople who want her burned at the stake."
Three people - a rich couple and a crew member - are shipwrecked on a tropical island and their subsequent fight for survival becomes even tougher when they begin to turn on each other.
"Before being sent to serve in Vietnam, two brothers and their girlfriends take one last road trip, but when they get into an accident, a terrifying experience will take them to a secluded house of horrors, with a chainsaw-wielding killer."
"A young genius accidentally invents a device that amplifies the paranormal activity within his family's house, possibly bringing back the spirits of loved ones, and unleashing things far worse."
A young college professor and his pregnant wife unwittingly release a malevolent entity with murderous intentions.
"In a twisted social experiment, eighty Americans are locked in their high-rise corporate office in Bogotá, Colombia, and ordered by an unknown voice coming from the company's intercom system to participate in a deadly game of kill or be killed."
"A reporter is drawn to a small West Virginia town to investigate a series of strange events, including psychic visions and the appearance of bizarre entities."
"Chucky, the doll possessed by a serial killer, discovers the perfect mate to kill and revive into the body of another doll."
A teenage slacker's right hand becomes possessed with murderous intent.
"A cryptic phone call sets off a dangerous game of risks for Elliot, a down-on-his luck salesman. The game promises increasing rewards for completing 13 tasks, each more sinister than the last."
"In a remote military outpost in the 19th century, Captain John Boyd and his regiment embark on a rescue mission which takes a dark turn when they are ambushed by a sadistic cannibal."
"A young videographer answers an online ad for a one-day job in a remote town to record the last messages of a dying man. When he notices the man's odd behavior, he starts to question his intentions."
"An American nurse living and working in Tokyo is exposed to a mysterious supernatural curse, one that locks a person in a powerful rage before claiming their life and spreading to another victim."
A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds Bea wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night.
"High school loner Bird Fitcher has no idea what dark secrets are tied to the mysterious Polaroid vintage camera she stumbles upon, but it doesn't take long to discover that those who have their picture taken meet a tragic end."
Mysterious deaths surround an American ambassador. Could the child that he is raising actually be the Antichrist? The Devil's own son?
A lawyer takes on a negligent homicide case involving a priest who performed an exorcism on a young girl.
A small-town farmer's son reluctantly joins a traveling group of vampires after he is bitten by a beautiful drifter.
An evil is unleashed in a small town when a logging company sets up shop in the neighboring woods.
A young woman fights the spirit that is slowly taking possession of her.
"A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence."
"Residents of a coastal town learn, with deathly consequences, the secret shared by the two mysterious women who have sought shelter at a local resort."
Police chief Brody must protect the citizens of Amity after a second monstrous shark begins terrorizing the waters.
"Cujo, a friendly St. Bernard, contracts rabies and conducts a reign of terror on a small American town."
The paths of a desperate man and an imprisoned young woman cross unexpectedly in the den of a mysterious killer.
"Three twenty-somethings share a house and try to live a normal life despite being a ghost, a werewolf, and a vampire."
A brother and sister driving home through isolated countryside for spring break encounter a flesh-eating creature which is in the midst of its ritualistic eating spree.
"From Michael McDowell, the writer of Beetlejuice (1988) and The Nightmare Before Christmas (1993), comes a chilling tale of supernatural vengeance."
Vampire Count Orlok expresses interest in a new residence and real estate agent Hutter's wife.
A family moves into a house inhabited by scary creatures and a number of close calls ensue.
"A group of sorority sisters try to cover up the death of their house-sister after a prank gone wrong, only to be stalked by a serial killer."
"A research team finds a mysterious cylinder in a deserted church. If opened, it could mean the end of the world."
"Five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals."
"A young widower returns to his hometown to search for answers to his wife's murder, which may be linked to the ghost of a murdered ventriloquist."
"The Lamberts believe that they have defeated the spirits that have haunted their family, but they soon discover that evil is not beaten so easily."
"When a group of teens in financial ruin decide to rob the local antique store, they discover an old wooden tomb containing a Mummy's corpse and an ancient amulet. But what they don't ..."
"A group of friends whose leisurely Mexican holiday takes a turn for the worse when they, along with a fellow tourist, embark on a remote archaeological dig in the jungle where something evil lives among the ruins."
"HOLIDAYS is an anthology feature film that puts a uniquely dark and original spin on some of the most iconic and beloved holidays of all time by challenging our folklore, traditions and assumptions."
"Three people attempt to stop a gigantic crocodile, who is terrorizing residents in Black Lake, Maine."
A housewife suspects that her seemingly perfect eight year-old daughter is a heartless killer.
"Tommy Jarvis goes to the graveyard to get rid of Jason Voorhees' body once and for all, but inadvertently brings him back to life instead. The newly revived killer once again seeks revenge, and Tommy may be the only one who can defeat him."
"Eight candidates for a highly desirable corporate job are locked together in an exam room and given a final test with just one question. It seems simple yet confusing that soon, tensions begin to unravel."
"In 1921, England is overwhelmed by the loss and grief of World War I. Hoax exposer Florence Cathcart visits a boarding school to explain sightings of a child ghost. Everything she believes unravels as the 'missing' begin to show themselves."
"A man kisses his wife and baby goodbye and seemingly heads away on business, with a plan to check into a hotel, call an escort service, and kill an unsuspecting prostitute."
"At the end of the century, Satan visits New York in search of a bride. It's up to an ex-cop who now runs an elite security outfit to stop him."
"Anna returns home after a stint in a mental hospital, but her recovery is jeopardized by her cruel stepmother and ghastly visions of her dead mother."
Strangers searching for a young woman's missing father arrive at a tropical island where a doctor desperately seeks the cause and cure of a recent epidemic of the undead.
A torn suburban family refuses to heed the warning of an innocent prank left upon them which causes an unknown supernatural force to wreak havoc.
A prequel set before the haunting of the Lambert family that reveals how gifted psychic Elise Rainier reluctantly agrees to use her ability to contact the dead in order to help a teenage girl who has been targeted by a dangerous supernatural entity.
"Sophie wakes up, hears scary noises from her parents' bedroom and sees her dad dead. A psychologist arrives there to determine what happened."
"After moving to a new town, a young college student retreats to the country for a weekend of solace when she quickly finds out that she is not alone and needs to fight for her life."
A government employee discovers that the cause of the tensions between the two political parties is a race of extraterrestrial insects eating the brains of the politicians.
"A woman wakes up every day, remembering nothing as a result of a traumatic accident in her past. One day, new terrifying truths emerge that force her to question everyone around her."
"Six tourists hire an extreme tour guide who takes them to the abandoned city Pripyat, the former home to the workers of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor. During their exploration, they soon discover they are not alone."
A young couple is trapped in a remote town where a dangerous religious cult of children believe everyone over the age of 18 must be killed.
"After a seemingly innocent prank goes horribly wrong, a group of sorority sisters are stalked and murdered one by one in their sorority house while throwing a party to celebrate their graduation."
A detective and his team must rescue 8 people trapped in a factory by the twisted serial killer known as Jigsaw.
Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a legendary man-hunter to battle with an ancient evil presence that is threatening their major party plans.
A confused religious girl tries to deny her feelings for a female friend who's in love with her. This causes her suppressed subconsciously-controlled psychokinetic powers to reemerge with devastating results.
"In Victorian-era London, a troubled clairvoyant police detective investigates the murders of Jack the Ripper."
Two wanted women decide to rob their wealthy psychotic friend who lives in the fantasy world they created as children; to take the money they have to take part in a deadly perverse game of make believe.
"Biopic about notorious American serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer, taking place in both the past and the present."
Three backpackers stranded in the Australian outback are plunged in a hellish nightmare of insufferable torture by a sadistic psychopathic local.
"In the 1950s in small-town Georgia, a pregnant young woman named Agatha seeks refuge in a convent."
"As a deadly battle rages over Jigsaw's brutal legacy, a group of Jigsaw survivors gathers to seek the support of self-help guru and fellow survivor Bobby Dagen, a man whose own dark secrets unleash a new wave of terror."
A young woman finds herself on the receiving end of a terrifying curse that threatens to take her life in 7 days.
"Three single women in a picturesque village have their wishes granted, at a cost, when a mysterious and flamboyant man arrives in their lives."
"When a college student unfriends a mysterious girl online, she finds herself fighting a demonic presence that wants to make her lonely by killing her closest friends."
A hopeful young starlet uncovers the ominous origins of the Hollywood elite and enters into a deadly agreement in exchange for fame and fortune.
Sequel to the 2016 South Korean zombie film.
An institutionalized young woman becomes terrorized by a ghost.
A college freshman discovers a dark secret about the sorority house she's pledging for after a series of murders terrorize the campus.
"A circus' beautiful trapeze artist agrees to marry the leader of side-show performers, but his deformed friends discover she is only marrying him for his inheritance."
A young mother and her twin sons move into a rural house that's marked for death.
"Guts is a skilled swordsman who joins forces with a mercenary group named 'The Band of the Hawk', lead by the charismatic Griffith, and fights with them as they battle their way into the royal court."
A young group of monster fanatics attempt to save their hometown from Count Dracula and his monsters.
"When a veteran 911 operator takes a life-altering call from a teenage girl who has just been abducted, she realizes that she must confront a killer from her past in order to save the girl's life."
"An evil, sadistic Leprechaun goes on a killing rampage in search of his beloved pot of gold."
Plot unknown.
"An Oxford graduate takes up a job in a mental asylum, only to discover that the ""revolutionary"" new treatments are inhumane, and that there is more going on than meets the eye."
"Still a stranger to her own body, a high school student discovers she has a physical advantage when she becomes the object of male violence."
A family is haunted by the tragedies of deaths within the family.
"A successful businessman and a workaholic, Harsh Tandon (Javed Jaaferi) is an insomniac, resulting from which he often sees strange faces. Advised by his friend cum psychiatrist, he agrees ..."
A group of reality show contestants find themselves fighting for their survival against a family of hideously deformed inbred cannibals who plan to ruthlessly butcher them all.
"Dracula and his friends try to bring out the monster in his half human, half vampire grandson in order to keep Mavis from leaving the hotel."
"On a quiet suburban street, a babysitter must defend a twelve-year-old boy from intruders, only to discover it's far from a normal home invasion."
"A mysterious virus has killed billions and turned many others into bloodthirsty zombies. Unable to stop the virus, the government develops a video game, ""Dead Trigger,"" that mirrors the terrifying events that curse the world."
"After her prostitute mother and her john are beaten to death while they are asleep in bed, teen-aged Ellie Masters is sent to an isolated orphanage run by Mrs. Deere and her handyman. ..."
"A widower takes an offer to screen girls at a special audition, arranged for him by a friend to find him a new wife. The one he fancies is not who she appears to be after all."
"A television reporter and her cameraman are trapped inside a building quarantined by the CDC, after the outbreak of a mysterious virus which turns humans into bloodthirsty killers."
"A journalist goes undercover to ferret out businessman Harrison Hill as her childhood friend's killer. Posing as one of his temps, she enters into a game of online cat-and-mouse."
A young man searches for answers as to why he's been suffering from supernatural possessions his entire life.
A business commuter is pursued and terrorized by the malevolent driver of a massive tractor-trailer.
A young nurse takes care of an elderly author who lives in a haunted house.
"A woman goes into Japan's Suicide Forest to find her twin sister, and confronts supernatural terror."
The population of a small town disappears and is replaced by aliens that chase human flesh for their intergalactic fast-food chain.
A man who discovers that he is part of a secret sect of magical beings who hunt down and destroy demons in the internet.
The sons of police chief Brody must protect customers at a SeaWorld theme park after a thirty-five-foot shark becomes trapped in the park with them.
"Returning to her childhood home in Louisiana to recuperate from a horrific car accident, Jessabelle comes face to face with a long-tormented spirit that has been seeking her return -- and has no intention of letting her escape."
"In the eighteenth century, a vampire escapes from the freak show, in which she once participated, and teams up with a group of vampire slayers to kill the man who raped her mother."
"In 18th century France, the Chevalier de Fronsac and his native American friend Mani are sent by the King to the Gevaudan province to investigate the killings of hundreds by a mysterious beast."
A private investigator must unravel the murder of her uncle while keeping the secret that she is a descendant from a line of werewolves.
Sheriff Dan Tashtego and a team of creeper hunters enlist the help of officer Davis Tubbs to help stop the monster's eating spree.
"An amusement park mogul offers a group of diverse people $1,000,000 to spend the night in a haunted house with a horrifying past."
Serial killer Jason Voorhees' supernatural origins are revealed.
Paranoia & Superstition in 15th Century Europe.
"A family moves into their new home, which proves to be satanic, resulting in the demonic possession of the teenage son. Only the local priest can save him."
Aliens who look like clowns come from outer space and terrorize a small town.
"Psychologist Margaret Matheson and her assistant study paranormal activity, which leads them to investigate a world-renowned psychic who has resurfaced years after his toughest critic mysteriously passed away."
"A married couple becomes stranded at an isolated motel and finds hidden video cameras in their room. They soon realize that unless they escape, they'll be the next victims of a snuff film."
"After moving with her mother to a small town, a teenager finds that an accident happened in the house at the end of the street. Things get more complicated when she befriends a boy who was the only survivor of the accident."
A woman is convinced her kidnapper has returned when her sister goes missing.
"A crime novelist, whose research on Victorian serial killers has turned him into a paranoid wreck, must confront his worst fears, when a film executive takes a sudden interest in his movie script."
"When human forces discover the existence of the Vampire and Lycan clans, a war to eradicate both species commences. The vampire warrior Selene leads the battle against humankind."
"With the need to investigate the mysterious death of his grandparents, Cory and his friends assemble back to the old farm where it all began, sixty years earlier."
Live-action role players conjure up a demon from Hell by mistake and they must deal with the consequences.
"Chucky and Tiffany are resurrected by their innocent son, Glen, and hit Hollywood, where a movie depicting the killer dolls' murder spree is underway."
"1920, rural Ireland. Anglo Irish twins Rachel and Edward share a strange existence in their crumbling family estate. Each night, the property becomes the domain of a sinister presence (The ..."
"When a young woman becomes afflicted by stigmata, a priest is sent to investigate her case, which may have severe ramifications for his faith and for the Catholic Church itself."
"Ruby Grimm awakes to the dark reality that nightmares walk among us. Armed with her brother's research and weaponry, she sets out to systematically destroy them before her mind spirals into madness."
"A horde of mutated birds descends upon the quiet town of Half Moon Bay, California. With the death toll rising, Two citizens manage to fight back, but will they survive Birdemic?"
"From the bitter quest of the Queen of Longtrellis, to two mysterious sisters who provoke the passion of a king, to the King of Highhills obsessed with a giant Flea, these tales are inspired by the fairytales by Giambattista Basile."
A couple's replacement babysitter turns out to be more than they bargained for when she subjects their kids to a series of twisted activities.
"A psychiatrist tries to put her life back together after a violent attack by seeking to repair the life of a new patient, but he has his own terrifying history."
"An aging police sheriff begrudgingly joins an alliance with a new sheriff, Evie Barret, to battle angry demons haunting their small New Hampshire town."
"When a freak hurricane swamps Los Angeles, nature's deadliest killer rules sea, land, and air as thousands of sharks terrorize the waterlogged populace."
"All hell breaks loose when a strange force animates the puppets up for auction at a convention, setting them on a bloody killing spree that's motivated by an evil as old as time."
"A desperate single mother moves with her three children into the notorious, supposedly haunted, real-life Amityville house to try and use its dark powers to cure her comatose son. Things go horribly wrong."
"A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his wealthy parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted."
"A street sweeper who cleans up after grisly accidents brings home a full corpse for him and his wife to enjoy sexually, but is dismayed to see that his wife prefers the corpse over him."
"A cowardly boy, who buries himself in accident statistics, enters a library to escape a storm, only to be transformed into an animated illustration by the Pagemaster. He has to work through obstacles from classic books to return to real-life."
The new owner of a sinister house gets involved with reanimated corpses and demons searching for an ancient Aztec skull with magic powers.
"After her mother's mysterious death, Nica begins to suspect that the talking, red-haired doll her visiting niece has been playing with may be the key to recent bloodshed and chaos."
"Majestic mountains, a still lake and venomous betrayals engulf a female married couple attempting to celebrate their one-year anniversary."
"A young college student desperate for tuition money moves into a house that streams content to an X-rated website. After a deranged fan determines the house's location, she finds herself in..."
A neuroscientist's obsession with a drug that expands the human mind inadvertently unleashes a deadly supernatural force on his team.
"Most of the passengers on an airplane disappear, and the remainder land the plane in a mysteriously barren airport."
An orphaned girl discovers that the reclusive Blacksmith is keeping a demon imprisoned in order to avoid paying his debt to the Devil.
"Refusing to believe her story about cave-dwelling monsters, the sole survivor of a spelunking exploration gone horribly wrong is forced to follow the authorities back into the caves where something awaits."
"A loving father finds a clown suit for his son's birthday party, only to realize that it's cursed."
A man bumps into an old crush and holds her captive underneath the animal shelter where he works.
A radio host is victimized by the cannibal family as a former Texas Marshall hunts them.
A team of scientists are thrust into a potentially life-or-death situation when they arrive in the Arctic to secretly investigate what could be an outbreak of a strange disease in a secluded international research facility.
"An art student taps into a rich source of creative inspiration after the accidental slaughter of her rapist. An unlikely vigilante emerges, set out to avenge college girls whose attackers walked free."
Five strangers are connected by the curse that has plagued Ravenswood for generations.
"Five interwoven stories that occur on Halloween: An everyday high school principal has a secret life as a serial killer; a college virgin might have just met the guy for her; a group of teenagers pull a mean prank; a woman who loathes the night has to contend with her holiday-obsessed husband; and a mean old man meets his match with a demonic, supernatural trick-or-treater."
"Plagued by a series of apocalyptic visions, a young husband and father questions whether to shelter his family from a coming storm, or from himself."
"Freddy Krueger returns once again to terrorize the dreams of the remaining Dream Warriors, as well as those of a young woman who may be able to defeat him for good."
A mother-and-son team of strange supernatural creatures move to a small town to seek out a young virgin to feed on.
"Years after Tommy Jarvis chained him underwater at Camp Crystal Lake, the dormant Jason Voorhees is accidentally released from his prison by a telekinetic teenager. Now, only she can stop him."
A man becomes the superintendent of a large New York City apartment building where people mysteriously go missing.
Four men who form a neighborhood watch group as a way to get out of their day-to-day family routines find themselves defending the Earth from an alien invasion.
A mother and daughter must confront a terrifying monster when they break down on a deserted road.
An urban couple go camping in the woods and find themselves lost in the territory of a predatory black bear.
Jigsaw abducts a doctor in order to keep himself alive while he watches his new apprentice put an unlucky citizen named Jeff through a brutal test.
"Twin boys move to a new home with their mother after she has face changing cosmetic surgery, but under her bandages is someone the children don't recognize."
An 18-year-old college freshman is seduced by a handsome vampire lover who introduce her to a dark world of carnal desires.
"While Sheriff Brackett and Dr. Loomis hunt for Michael Myers, a traumatized Laurie is rushed to hospital, and the serial killer is not far behind her."
"During a visit to friends, Sara begins having visions and is attacked by an unearthly creature."
"Fans flock to a festival celebrating the most iconic horror movies, only to discover that the charismatic showman behind the event has a diabolical agenda."
"A young woman inherits an old hotel in Louisiana where, following a series of supernatural ""accidents"", she learns that the building was built over one of the entrances to Hell."
A spaceship is discovered under three hundred years' worth of coral growth at the bottom of the ocean.
"A newlywed couple, move into a new house across the country, only to find out that their marital issues are the least of their problems. Unbeknownst to them, their grim and lascivious landlord has been spying on them from day one."
"In an alternative Victorian Age Gotham City, Batman begins his war on crime while he investigates a new series of murders by Jack the Ripper."
A young boy and a bunch of misfit friends embark on a quest to find a dark magic item of ultimate power before a diabolical tyrant can.
"A series of weird and terrible events happen to a young girl after she witnesses her mother's death by supernatural forces. Summoning a Doctor, who has a similar experience with another ..."
An American seminary student travels to Italy to take an exorcism course.
"Heidi, a radio DJ, is sent a box containing a record - a ""gift from the Lords"". The sounds within the grooves trigger flashbacks of her town's violent past. Is Heidi going mad, or are the Lords back to take revenge on Salem, Massachusetts?"
"The angel Gabriel comes to Earth to collect a soul which will end the stalemated war in Heaven, and only a former priest and a little girl can stop him."
"A worldwide epidemic encourages a biotech company to launch an organ-financing program similar in nature to a standard car loan. The repossession clause is a killer, however."
"Detectives Sean and David Carter are on the case to find a gruesome serial killer terrorizing the city. Joining forces with Detective Christine Egerton, they dig deeper into a spiraling maze of horror that may not be of this world."
A boatful of graduating high school students headed to Manhattan accidentally pull Jason Voorhees along for the ride.
"Tom Six, the director and writer of The Human Centipede, is writing another horror movie based on shock value and utter disturbment."
A small group of military officers and scientists dwell in an underground bunker as the world above is overrun by zombies.
"Following Jigsaw's grisly demise, Mark Hoffman is commended as a hero, but Agent Strahm is suspicious, and delves into Hoffman's past. Meanwhile, another group of people are put through a series of gruesome tests."
"After twenty-two years of psychiatric care, Norman Bates attempts to return to a life of solitude, but the specters of his crimes - and his mother - continue to haunt him."
"Twin gynecologists take full advantage of the fact that nobody can tell them apart, until their relationship begins to deteriorate over a woman."
Plot unknown. Reported to be a psychological horror thriller set in London with a female lead.
"A random invitation to a Halloween party leads a man into the hands of a rogue collective intent on murdering him for the sake of their art, sparking a bloodbath of mishap, mayhem and hilarity."
"Through a failed medical experiment, a priest is stricken with vampirism and is forced to abandon his ascetic ways."
A high school student's slumber party turns terrifying as an escaped mental patient with a drill decides to crash the evening.
"Count Dracula moves from Transylvania to Wismar, spreading the Black Plague across the land. Only a woman pure of heart can bring an end to his reign of horror."
"A disfigured composer sells his soul for the woman he loves so that she will perform his music. However, an evil record tycoon betrays him and steals his music to open his rock palace, The Paradise."
"After risking her life to expose the corruption of the thinning test, Laina Michaels becomes the target of Governor Redding's Machiavellian presidential campaign. Blake Redding, trapped and..."
"When her child goes missing, a mother looks to unravel the legend of the Tall Man, an entity who allegedly abducts children."
"A group of college students, on a trip to the Mountain Man Festival on Halloween in West Virginia, encounter a clan of cannibals."
"After a tragedy, John Ingram and his wife Rae are spending some time isolated at sea, when they come across a stranger who has abandoned a sinking ship."
A sex-repulsed woman who disapproves of her sister's boyfriend sinks into depression and has horrific visions of rape and violence.
A group of friends must confront their most terrifying fears when they awaken the dark powers of an ancient spirit board.
"Demons invade humanity after being frozen in ice for millions of years. Akira, a timid boy, is tasked by his friend Ryo to merge with one of these demons in order to be able to fight back against them for the sake of humanity."
"When a family of five rent a beautiful house for their summer vacation, the price seems too good to be true."
"Recovering from an ambush that killed his entire team, a vengeful vampire slayer must retrieve an ancient Catholic relic that, should it be acquired by vampires, will allow them to walk in sunlight."
Sixteen-year-old Jude discovers that each and every one of his fears is true.
"Two death-obsessed sisters, outcasts in their suburban neighborhood, must deal with the tragic consequences when one of them is bitten by a deadly werewolf."
"Anchor Bay has amassed some of the greatest horror film writers and directors to bring to you the anthology series, ""Masters of Horror"". For the first time, the foremost names in the horror..."
"Adam is a Muslim medical practitioner who is unable to accept the fact that his wife is no longer in this world. Later on, he agrees to treat a depressed woman named Maria but strange and unsettling things start to happen."
Two estranged sisters are forced to rob a bank in order to save their brother. But this is no ordinary bank.
"A photographer's obsessive pursuit of dark subject matter leads him into the path of a serial killer who stalks late night commuters, ultimately butchering them in the most gruesome ways imaginable."
"Having recently witnessed the horrific results of a top secret project to bring the dead back to life, a distraught youth performs the operation on his girlfriend after she's killed in a motorcycle accident."
"As a series of strange and violent events begin to occur, an alcoholic policeman realizes that he has been turned into a werewolf as part of a larger plan."
Scientists and American Air Force officials fend off a bloodthirsty alien organism while at a remote arctic outpost.
"A brilliant billionaire named Carl Durant is experimenting on bull sharks, which soon rebel to cause havoc for a group of scientists."
"Laurie Strode, now the dean of a Northern California private school with an assumed name, must battle the Shape one last time, as the life of her own son hangs in the balance."
Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job.
"An idealistic, straight-edge teacher is drawn down a horrid rabbit hole by an honors student when he gives him a B+ on a paper."
A demonic force has chosen Freddy Krueger as its portal to the real world. Can Heather Langenkamp play the part of Nancy one last time and trap the evil trying to enter our world?
"A werewolf terrorizes a small city where lives the paralytic Marty Coslaw, his uncle, and his sister, the story's narrator."
A simple man is turned into a genius through the application of computer science.
Detective Jackson Briggs recruits the assassin Hanzo Hasachi into an undercover mission - enter an illegal tournament and eliminate all its criminal participants.
"When a group of misfits are hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house and acquire a rare VHS tape, they discover more found footage than they bargained for."
"A group of college students gets lost in a storm during their snowmobiling trip and takes shelter in an abandoned sanitarium which, unbeknown to them, is home to three deformed cannibals."
"An elderly woman battling Alzheimer's disease agrees to let a film crew document her condition, but what they discover is something far more sinister going on."
"A gang of young thieves flee Paris during the violent aftermath of a political election, only to hole up at an Inn run by neo-Nazis."
"Decades-old found footage from NASA's abandoned Apollo 18 mission, where two American astronauts were sent on a secret expedition, reveals the reason the U.S. has never returned to the moon."
A man teaches a young woman how to become a complete weapon. Later she is approached by a group of sadistic teens who kill blonde women for unknown reasons. The hunting season begins.
"As a widower tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide, his daughter finds solace, at first, in her imaginary friend."
"Creeped Out is a series of spellbinding, enchanting and intriguing tales. Each episode is a different story set in a different place and time, with different characters exploring their way through the unexplained."
"Six high school buddies accidentally kill a drug pusher and dump his body in toxic waters. When the pusher returns as a zombie and goes on a killing spree, their only recourse is to dump ..."
"A young woman, who goes to her grandmother's home in Pollachi, realises the presence of something supernatural in the place. Meanwhile, mysterious murders are happening in Chennai. How are these seemingly unrelated events connected?"
"Despite Jigsaw's death, and in order to save the lives of two of his colleagues, Lieutenant Rigg is forced to take part in a new game, which promises to test him to the limit."
"After discovering a video showing what he believes to be his vanished sister Heather, James and a group of friends head to the forest believed to be inhabited by the Blair Witch."
"A mysterious virus hits an isolated elementary school, transforming the kids into a feral swarm of mass savages. An unlikely hero must lead a motley band of teachers in the fight of their lives."
A small town's women give birth to unfriendly alien children posing as humans.
A hospice nurse working at a spooky New Orleans plantation home finds herself entangled in a mystery involving the house's dark past.
A small group of military personnel and survivalists dwell in an underground bunker as they seek to find a cure in a world overrun by zombies.
Alcoholic werewolf cop Lou Garou springs into action when an eccentric businessman with evil intentions seduces Woodhaven's residents with a new brewery and hockey team in this outrageous horror-comedy sequel.
"In the Iranian ghost-town Bad City, a place that reeks of death and loneliness, the townspeople are unaware they are being stalked by a lonesome vampire."
"The allure of easy money sends Mary Mason, a medical student, into the world of underground surgeries which ends up leaving more marks on her than her so called ""freakish"" clients."
Five women are stalked by an unknown assailant while preparing for Valentine's Day.
"Two adults and a juvenile break into a house occupied by a brother and sister and their stolen children. There, they must fight for their lives."
The descendants of a witch hunting family and their close friends are stalked and killed by a mysterious entity.
A group of National Guard trainees find themselves battling against a vicious group of mutants on their last day of training in the desert.
Twin Peaks before Twin Peaks (1990) and at the same time not always and entirely in the same place as Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992). A feature film which presents deleted scenes from Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992) assembled together for the first time in an untold portion of the story's prequel.
"By day, Abby Russell is a dedicated nurse, but by night, she lures cheating men to their brutal deaths and exposes them for who they really are."
"6 months after the incidents involving the lethal videotape, new clues prove that there is a new evil lurking in the darkness."
"Carol Anne is staying with her aunt in a high-rise building, where the supernatural forces haunting her make their return."
Desert ants suddenly form a collective intelligence and begin to wage war on the desert inhabitants. It is up to two scientists and a stray girl they rescue from the ants to destroy them. ...
"Ten teenagers party at an abandoned funeral parlor on Halloween night. When an evil force awakens, demonic spirits keep them from leaving and turn their gathering into a living Hell."
A woman is tormented and sexually molested by an invisible demon.
"Four months after the death of her husband, a woman on the brink of motherhood is tormented in her home by a strange woman who wants her unborn baby."
"A frustrated, angst-ridden teenage girl awakens something in the woods when she naively performs an occult ritual to evoke a witch to kill her mother."
A boy is trying to find out about his family history and stumbles upon a town of lycans.
"A group of college students travels to a mysterious island to attend a rave, which is soon taken over by bloodthirsty zombies."
"A homicidal car tire, discovering it has destructive psionic power, sets its sights on a desert town once a mysterious woman becomes its obsession."
A pair of mischievous high school kids create the illusion of a haunting on an unsuspecting elderly neighbor while keeping his every reaction under surveillance. A series of coincidences leads to tragedy.
A boy who has a bad Christmas ends up accidentally summoning a festive demon to his family home.
"A family gets lost on the road and stumbles upon a hidden, underground, devil-worshiping cult led by the fearsome Master and his servant Torgo."
A jazz pianist and a wisecracking journalist are pulled into a complex web of mystery after the former witnesses the brutal murder of a psychic.
A young African-American travels across the U.S. in the 1950s in search of his missing father.
"A scientific expedition sets out for Borneo to seek a flower called the Blood Orchid, which could grant longer life. Meanwhile, they run afoul of snakes and each other."
A group of people with psychic powers are invited to spend the night in a haunted house.
"When an escape room attraction turns from a fun bonding activity to a dangerous paranormal experience, a father and daughter must flee from an angry spirit."
"After a bizarre and near deadly encounter with a serial killer, a television newswoman is sent to a remote mountain resort whose residents may not be what they seem."
"A camp counselor suffering from blackouts finds himself surrounded by murder victims. He turns to his horror movie enthusiast friend for advice, and to contend with the idea he may be the killer."
"As a woman struggles to come to grips with her past in the wake of her mother's death and the disappearance of her sister, an unsettling presence emerges in her childhood home."
"Set deep in the Scottish Highlands, Boyz In The Wood is an anarchic cocktail of generational politics, hip-hop loving farmers, and hallucinogenic rabbit shites."
"A teenage girl in the Midwest becomes infected by an outbreak of a disease that slowly turns the infected into cannibalistic zombies. During her transformation, her loving father stays by her side."
"When a successful country lawyer captures and attempts to ""civilize"" the last remaining member of a violent clan that has roamed the Northeast coast for decades, he puts the lives of his family in jeopardy."
A reporter and her ex-husband investigate a cursed video tape that is rumored to kill the viewer seven days after watching it.
A group of high schoolers struggles against predatory mutants who have taken over their town after a chemical plant meltdown.
"A former summer camp caretaker, horribly burned from a prank gone wrong, lurks around an upstate New York summer camp bent on killing the teenagers responsible for his disfigurement."
"After a mysterious global crisis, a young girl is left alone to hide from a malevolent power that stalks her home. Her parents eventually return and the struggle begins to save their daughter."
A babysitter finds a VHS tape which features various sinister murders performed by a psychotic clown.
"As the Barrett family's peaceful suburban life is rocked by an escalating series of disturbing events, they come to learn that a terrifying and deadly force is after them, one which may have arrived from beyond the stars."
A California couple and a survivalist encounter Leatherface and his family.
"A video artist looking for work drives to a remote house in the forest to meet a man claiming to be a serial killer. But after agreeing to spend the day with him, she soon realizes that she made a deadly mistake."
A creature from outer space crash lands in a small town and starts killing people.
"An interweaving narrative chronicling the antics of such diverse characters as: a transsexual taxi driver, a family obsessed with hygiene and toads, a fiery reverend, a carnival owner who kidnaps women into marriage, and a xenophobic couple who run a local shop for local people."
A fun weekend turns into madness and horror for a bunch of groupies looking for fun in a beaver infested swamp.
"The new sequel finds Burt Gummer, who's dying from Graboid poison, and his son Travis at a remote research station in Canada's Nunavut Territory, where they must go up against a new batch of Graboids to save Burt's life."
A boating accident runs a young man and woman ashore in a decrepit Spanish fishing town which they discover is in the grips of an ancient sea god and its monstrous half human offspring.
A girl is trapped inside her family's lakeside retreat and becomes unable to contact the outside world as supernatural forces haunt the house with mysterious energy and consequences.
"When a group of tourists in a New Orleans haunted swamp tour find themselves stranded in the wilderness, their evening of fun and spooks turns into a horrific nightmare."
A young man tries to help a teenage European girl who escaped from a clinic hospital after witnessing the murder of her parents by a serial killer and they try to find the killer before the killer finds them.
Two children living in different countries are visited nightly by a faceless being who wants to take possession of them.
"A teenage boy and his friends face off against a mysterious grave robber known only as the Tall Man, who keeps a lethal arsenal of terrible weapons with him."
"A year after their son goes missing, a family moves to Crickley Hall. When supernatural events begin to take place, Eve feels the house is somehow connected to her lost son."
"Set in the future in a time of interplanetary colonization, an unlikely pair race against an impending global crisis and are confronted by the monsters that live inside us all."
"As Carl Black gets the opportunity to move his family out of Chicago in hope of a better life, their arrival in Beverly Hills is timed with that city's annual purge, where all crime is legal for twelve hours."
"When Brent turns down his classmate Lola's invitation to the prom, she concocts a wildly violent plan for revenge."
Giant mollusk monsters attack California.
"A group of veterans wake up after a night of partying to find out that the zombie apocalypse has spread across the United States. Together, they must fight their way across the country in ..."
"Tied up, blindfolded, and left in the woods in nothing but their underwear as part of a Hell Week initiation, six college-aged pledges are tasked with setting up camp. Broken up into two ..."
"The offbeat adventures of Courage, a cowardly dog who must overcome his own fears to heroically defend his unknowing farmer owners from all kinds of dangers, paranormal events and menaces that appear around their land."
"Ten years after the events of the original movie, Victor Crowley is mistakenly resurrected and proceeds to kill once more."
"In Fabric, is a haunting ghost story set against the backdrop of a busy winter sales period in a department store and follows the life of a cursed dress as it passes from person to person, with devastating consequences.."
A single mom tries to break free from a mysterious organization that has abducted her.
The Returned opens in a small mountain community which is rocked to its core when several local people who are presumed dead suddenly re-appear at their homes. Despite having passed away ...
"When a mysterious cell phone signal causes apocalyptic chaos, an artist is determined to reunite with his young son in New England."
The tiny fur ball aliens that will eat anything or anyone set their sights on a Los Angeles apartment tower.
"Seeking revenge, officer Angel Wolfe, her Native American friend Whitestar, and outlaw Heather infiltrate a fortified island where an undead wizard and his evil cult force captured women to take part in gladiatorial tournaments."
"A storm causes some power lines to break and touch the ground, drawing millions of man-eating worms out of the earth, and into town where they quickly start munching on the locals."
"A love triangle develops between a beautiful yet dangerous vampire, her cellist companion, and a gerontologist."
"After a series of bad experiences with men, Shae teams up with her co-worker, Lu, who has a simple, deadly way of dealing with the opposite sex."
"A quadriplegic man has a trained monkey help him with his paralysis, until the little monkey begins to develop feelings, and rage, against its new master."
Two piranha/anaconda hybrid creatures hunt down the scientist who stole their egg and a film crew; making a slasher film in the jungle.
"Evil aliens attack Earth and set their terrible ""Plan 9"" in action. As the aliens resurrect the dead of the Earth to destroy the living, our lives are in danger."
"Four men attending a bachelor party in Las Vegas fall prey to the Elite Hunting Club, who are hosting a gruesome game show of torture."
"Inspired by true events, two sisters are trapped under the fiberglass cover of an Olympic sized public pool and must brave the cold and each other to survive the harrowing night."
"Follows 20-year-old Drea, who reluctantly takes a job babysitting for a professor of a college she hopes to attend. Struggling to entertain the professor's children Trissy and Jake, along ..."
"Elvis Presley and a black ""JFK"" stay in a nursing home where nothing happens - until a wayward Egyptian mummy comes and sucks out the old people's souls thru their a-holes. The two decide to fight back."
An obese attorney is cursed by a gypsy to rapidly and uncontrollably lose weight.
A determined young woman and a damaged occultist risk their lives and souls to perform a dangerous ritual that will grant them what they want.
"A twist on the slasher genre, following two death-obsessed teenage girls who use their online show about real-life tragedies to send their small mid-western town into a frenzy, and cement their legacy as modern horror legends."
"When young newlyweds Julia and Rivers find themselves trapped in a quaint, Carolina coastal bed and breakfast with fellow stragglers during a dangerous hurricane, they soon begin to suspect..."
"During a fictional series of Big Brother, a zombie outbreak occurs, but the house-mates are unaware of the impending doom outside of the Big Brother House."
"After losing their mother to a demon, two brothers grow up fighting supernatural beings."
"In 16th-century Prague, a rabbi creates the Golem - a giant creature made of clay. Using sorcery, he brings the creature to life in order to protect the Jews of Prague from persecution."
"In the harsh, yet beautiful Australian outback lives a beast, an animal of staggering size, with a ruthless, driving need for blood and destruction. It cares for none, defends its territory with brutal force, and kills with a raw, animalistic savagery unlike any have seen before."
An inheritance leads a young man and his friends to an abandoned resort inhabited by two sketchy caretakers and a clan of mutant cannibals.
"This fantasy action-adventure series follows four teenage boys who get lost in the forest and discover, when they return home, that they are in an alternate world identical to theirs except..."
"A delicious, mysterious goo that oozes from the earth is marketed as the newest dessert sensation, but the tasty treat rots more than teeth when zombie-like snackers who only want to consume more of the strange substance at any cost begin infesting the world."
"Three friends out to disprove cannibalism meet two men on the run who tortured and enslaved a cannibal tribe to find emeralds, and now the tribe is out for revenge."
"During a babysitting gig, a high-school student is harassed by an increasingly threatening prank caller."
"A young girl buys an antique box at a yard sale, unaware that inside the collectible lives a malicious ancient spirit. The girl's father teams with his ex-wife to find a way to end the curse upon their child."
"A new street drug that sends its users across time and dimensions has one drawback: some people return no longer human. Can two college drop-outs save humanity from this silent, otherworldly invasion?"
5 high school students Irving Saturday detention in a former Correction Facility must find a way to outsmart and unseen Menace out to kill them
"In the aftermath of a hurricane, a Florida Park Ranger and his family deal with strange occurrences, including luminescent creatures in the water and people that somehow seem to have ..."
"A homicide detective and an anthropologist try to destroy a South American lizard-like god, who's on a people eating rampage in a Chicago museum."
Trainees in the FBI's psychological profiling program must put their training into practice when they discover a killer in their midst.
"In a post-apocalyptic wasteland in 1997, a comic book fan adopts the persona of his favourite hero to save his enthusiastic friend and fight a tyrannical overlord."
"13-year-old Rynn Jacobs lives alone in a high-class Quebec small town, but unknown to the neighbors, she is leading a secret and dangerous life."
An investigation into a government cover-up leads to a network of abandoned train tunnels deep beneath the heart of Sydney. As a journalist and her crew hunt for the story it quickly becomes clear the story is hunting them.
"When an eccentric family meets in their uncle's remote, decaying mansion on the tenth anniversary of his death for the reading of his will, murder and madness follow."
"Thriller set in the world of Forensic Pathology. Coroner Paul Herzfeld finds a capsule in the head of a heavily mutilated corpse, containing a phone number and single word: the name of his daughter."
The inhabitants of a small Japanese town become increasingly obsessed with and tormented by spirals.
When Nicole comes in contact with Father Anton (Corneliu Ulici) more and more inexplicable events occur. The pair begin to believe that the priest lost the battle with a demon.
"An epileptic girl suffers a breakdown during her first year at university, then decides to seek help from a priest in battling the troubles associated with her strict upbringing."
A surrogate mom for a couple becomes dangerously obsessed with the soon-to-be father.
"Within the course of one hour 5 stories are shown. None of these stories have any logical explanation, and some of them actually occurred. You are left to decide which of these stories, if ..."
A group of young backpackers' vacation turns sour when a bus accident leaves them marooned in a remote Brazilian rural area that holds an ominous secret.
"In the dark, early days of a zombie apocalypse, complete strangers band together to find the strength they need to survive and get back to loved ones."
"When the world is under attack from terrifying creatures who hunt their human prey by sound, 16-year old Ally Andrews (Kiernan Shipka), who lost her hearing at 13, and her family seek refuge in a remote haven."
"Two sisters vacationing in Mexico are trapped in a shark cage at the bottom of the ocean. With less than an hour of oxygen left and great white sharks circling nearby, they must fight to survive."
"Set in rural southern Ohio and West Virginia, The Devil All The Time follows a cast of compelling and bizarre characters from the end of World War II to the 1960s."
A caretaker devotes himself to three demented siblings after their father's death.
Three young thieves infiltrate a mansion dinner party secretly hosted by a group of recovering murderers for the social elite.
A forensic psychiatrist discovers that all but one of her patient's multiple personalities are murder victims. She will have to find out what's happening before her time is finished.
An American journalist on assignment in the Australian outback encounters a man-eating crocodile while trapped on a rapidly flooding mud island.
"The Goodman family lives with their lovable pet dog, Mr. Pickles, a deviant border collie with a secret satanic streak."
"2 skeptical reporters are sent to Transylvania to find the Frankenstein monster - or get fired. They are laughed at there but something suspicious is going on - maybe there are monsters, vampires, mummies and werewolves."
"A young girl, with an amazing ability to communicate with insects, is transferred to an exclusive Swiss boarding school, where her unusual capability might help solve a string of murders."
"A depressed female psychiatrist wakes up as a patient in the asylum where she worked, with no memory of why she is there or what she has done."
"A young woman develops a taste for human blood after undergoing experimental plastic surgery, and her victims turn into rabid, blood-thirsty zombies who proceed to infect others, which turns into a city-wide epidemic."
"A horror anthology series where the viewer is taken through ghost stories, science fiction adventures, and creepy, unexplained events."
"U.S. Marshal Carrie Stetko tracks a killer in Antarctica, as the sun is about to set for six months."
"A clumsy young man nurtures a plant and discovers that it's carnivorous, forcing him to kill to feed it."
"As her species decays succumbing to infections and illnesses, an alien seductress immunologically stronger becomes the only hope for them to live on."
Four short horror films that are directed and written by women.
The Candyman arrives in New Orleans and sets his sights on a young woman whose family was ruined by the immortal killer years before.
"In 1961 suburban New Jersey, a withdrawn adolescent girl is suspected of her younger sister's brutal murder during her First Communion, and a series of subsequent stabbings."
A remote Alaskan town that has been overrun by paranormal forces and local outcast Roman Mercer (Jogia) must overcome the town's prejudices and his own personal demons if he's to harness ...
"A crew of interplanetary archaeologists is threatened when an alien creature impregnates one of their members, causing her to turn homicidal and murder them one by one."
"H.P. Lovecraft, the well-known horror writer, is looking in the late thirties after the book 'Necronomicon'. He finds it guarded by monks in an old library. He then copies some stories from..."
"Part cooking show, part sitcom in the vein of the Addams Family and the Muppet Show set inside the enchanted home of Christine McConnell, who has attracted hundreds of thousands of social media followers with her creepy edible creations."
"A ship sails into Brooklyn with all its crew dead. But something gets off and the killing continues on land. The vampire is looking for a specific woman - half-human, half-vampire. Rita's the cop detective investigating the many killings."
"After a traumatic accident, a woman becomes drawn to a mysterious abandoned carnival."
"A teenager stumbles upon an alien weapon, which transforms him into a grotesque killer."
"In the 11th century a missionary goes missing somewhere in the huge forests bordering the northern parts of Sweden. Among the rescue party chosen to find him is Nanna, a young woman on her ..."
"In the throes of a zombie apocalypse, a troubled woman from Las Vegas with a dark past finds herself stranded in the desert with a lone and ravenous zombie on her tail."
"A teenage girl in a country manor falls asleep while reading a magazine, and has a disturbing dream involving wolves prowling the woods below her bedroom window."
"17-year-old Shinichi Izumi is partially infected by a Parasyte; monsters that butcher and consume humans. He must learn to co-exist with the creature if he is to survive both the life of a Parasyte and human, as part monster, part person."
A 14-year-old receives ghost powers and uses them to save the world
"In a dystopian alternate 1999, a former cop is forced to take part in a death race in which cars run on human blood as fuel."
"In a world of vampires, an expert vampire hunter and his young protégé travel toward sanctuary."
The Batman has returned after a 10-year absence. The Gotham authorities want to arrest him. An old foe wants a reunion. The Feds want the Man of Tomorrow to put a stop to him.
"For their ghost hunting reality show, a production crew locks themselves inside an abandoned mental hospital that's supposedly haunted - and it might prove to be all too true."
A man accidentally gets into a time machine and travels back in time nearly an hour. Finding himself will be the first of a series of disasters of unforeseeable consequences.
Six strangers find themselves in a maze of deadly mystery rooms and must use their wits to survive.
A hunter squares off against a killer whale seeking vengeance for the death of its mate.
"A young man and his girlfriend move into an old mansion home, where he becomes possessed by a desire to control ancient demons."
"In a flooded future London, Detective Harley Stone hunts a serial killer who murdered his partner, and has haunted him ever since. He soon discovers what he is hunting might not be human."
"When two American girls on a bike trip in a remote part of Argentina split up and one of them goes missing, the other must find her before her worst fears are realized."
"After the death of his father, Aaron returns home to help his grief-stricken mother and to confront his past. Going through his dad's belongings, he comes across a mysterious item that is more than it seems."
A disturbed and delusional high school student with aspirations of a career in medicine goes to extremes to earn the approval of her controlling mother.
"A man tries to uncover an unconventional psychologist's therapy techniques on his institutionalized wife, amidst a series of brutal murders."
Four teenage friends spend the night in a carnival funhouse and are stalked by a deformed man in a Frankenstein mask.
A family takes refuge in a bomb shelter to avoid a dangerous outbreak.
"On Halloween 1997, two estranged teen skaters embark on a surreal journey through their memories, dreams and fears."
"After discovering a pair of young ghosts, a nebbish 11-year-old agrees to help the sibling spirits solve the mystery surrounding their demise."
Tensions rise within an asbestos cleaning crew as they work in an abandoned mental hospital with a horrific past that seems to be coming back.
"A young man in a personal tailspin flees from US to Italy, where he sparks up a romance with a woman harboring a dark, primordial secret."
Patrons locked inside a bar are forced to fight monsters.
A woman receives an eye transplant that allows her to see into the supernatural world.
"In the early 20th century, a Gorgon takes human form and terrorizes a small European village by turning its citizens to stone."
"Three geeky college girls who can't get a date, organize a seance and become sex starved vamps."
"A bullied teenage boy is devastated after the death of his heavy metal idol, Sammi Curr. But as Hallowe'en night approaches, he discovers that he may be the only one who can stop Sammi from making a Satanic comeback from beyond the grave."
"Juliette, a lone survivor of an apocalyptic era, fights to survive against hunger, thirst, a broken leg and strange, disturbing creatures that only come out at nighttime."
A direct sequel to 2011's The Woman.
"Survivors of a nuclear attack are grouped together for days in the basement of their apartment building, where fear and dwindling supplies wear away at their dynamic."
"Legacy finds the team of young explorers out to reveal the secrets of an area removed from modern day maps and hidden behind electric fences. However, once they reach the center of the lake..."
A lonely young woman traumatized by a difficult childhood and unsuccessful attempts to connect with the people around her is sent into a murderous tailspin.
"At the risk of her group's safety, a young woman travels into a National Forest where her sister has become trapped in a multi-dimensional world of monsters."
"Two hapless freight handlers find themselves encountering Dracula, the Frankenstein Monster and the Wolf Man."
Based on the true story of two scuba divers accidentally stranded in shark infested waters after their tour boat has left.
"Follow the path of the red-handled weapon used by Rick Grimes to kill Terminus leader Gareth; from its innocent beginnings on a hardware store shelf at the start of the apocalypse into the hands of various survivors, familiar and new."
"Little Billy witness his parents getting killed by Santa after being warned by his senile grandpa that Santa punishes those who are naughty. Now Billy is 18, and out of the orphanage, and he has just become Santa, himself."
"Beelzebub, a powerful demon hellbent to possess and consume souls, goes after siblings and their lifelong friends at a rundown country house."
"Charley Brewster and Peter Vincent must face more vampires, out for revenge."
"With much of America lying in ruins, the rest of the world braces for a global sharknado; Fin and his family must travel around the world to stop them."
"Scooby-Doo and the gang attempt to solve creepy mysteries in the town of Crystal Cove, a place with a history of eerie supernatural events."
"A young man murders women, using a movie camera to film their dying expressions of terror."
"Truly amazing, fantastical, funny, and odd, and sometimes scary, sad, and endearing stories are portrayed. Many famous actors, actresses, and directors made guest appearances."
"Emma, a famous and successful French horror writer, is forced to return to her hometown after the woman who haunted her dreams fifteen years ago begins to re-appear. The work she writes is ..."
"Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes out the majority of the human population, a young woman documents her family's new life in quarantine and tries to protect her infected sister."
"4 friends descend on a log cabin for a weekend of fun, but an ominous sexually frustrated presence resides within."
"It has been five years since the disappearance of Katie and Hunter, and a suburban family witness strange events in their neighborhood when a woman and a mysterious child move in."
"When their computer hacker friend accidentally channels a mysterious wireless signal, a group of co-eds rally to stop a terrifying evil from taking over the world."
"A demonic djinn attempts to grant its owner three wishes, which will allow him to summon his brethren to Earth."
"A large group of survivors seek shelter while travelling on a train after their station was attacked by aggressive, undead creatures called Kabane."
A girl was born into an all-female cult led by a man in their compound begins to question his teachings and her own reality.
"In a totalitarian near-future India, a mysterious prisoner is sent to a remote military interrogation center where he turns the tables on his captors by exposing their most shameful secrets and unleashing a demon from Arabic folklore."
Notorious cult The Lords of Samhain resurrect long dead serial killer Halloween Jack and all hell breaks loose in the town of Dunwich.
"Years before Father Lankester Merrin helped save Regan MacNeil's soul, he first encounters the demon Pazuzu in East Africa. This is the tale of Father Merrin's initial battle with Pazuzu and the rediscovery of his faith."
A boy tries to stop aliens who have taken over his town and are attempting to brainwash its inhabitants.
A group of environmentalists arrives at a faraway tropical delta where toxic waste is being dumped. However the water also hides a giant crocodile. The corrupt local officials don't help much either.
"40 years after the first haunting at Eel Marsh House, a group of children evacuated from WWII London arrives, awakening the house's darkest inhabitant."
"During an exclusive tour, a power breakdown inside a secret prison known as the Death House sends two agents fighting through a labyrinth of horrors while being pursued by a ruthless army ..."
A recently blinded woman is terrorized by a trio of thugs while they search for a heroin-stuffed doll they believe is in her apartment.
A mercenary with a three-bladed sword rediscovers his royal heritage's dangerous future when he is recruited to help a princess foil the designs of a brutal tyrant and a powerful sorcerer in conquering a land.
"65 years after a masked serial killer terrorized the small town of Texarkana, the so-called 'moonlight murders' begin again. Is it a copycat or something even more sinister? A lonely high ..."
"Jill, a tenacious UMass freshman, abandons her studies for an off-the-grid snowboarding trip. When their SUV mysteriously becomes lost, temperatures fall and the group dynamic unravels as a virtual and then literal witch hunt begins."
"A man named Farmer sets out to rescue his kidnapped wife and avenge the death of his son, two acts committed by the Krugs, a race of animal-warriors who are controlled by the evil Gallian."
A group of people fight to survive in a zombie-infested town.
"A group of delinquents are sent to clean the Blackwell Hotel. Little do they know reclusive psychopath Jacob Goodnight has holed away in the rotting hotel. When one of the teens is captured, those who remain - a group that includes the cop who put a bullet in Goodnight's head four years ago - band together to survive against the brutal killer."
The next great psycho horror slasher has given a documentary crew exclusive access to his life as he plans his reign of terror over the sleepy town of Glen Echo.
"When a young man becomes the target of a malevolent entity, he must uncover its true intentions before it takes complete control of him."
An 18-year-old college freshman is seduced by a handsome vampire lover who introduces her to a dark world of carnal desires.
"Flight 7500 departs Los Angeles International Airport bound for Tokyo. As the overnight flight makes its way over the Pacific Ocean during its ten-hour course, the passengers encounter what appears to be a supernatural force in the cabin."
Five interlocking tales of terror follow the fates of a group of weary travellers who confront their worst nightmares - and darkest secrets - over one long night on a desolate stretch of desert highway.
"A log company's waste mutates the environment, creating a giant killer bear-monster."
A circus becomes the location for stolen loot and murder.
"Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life."
"Two generations of men find themselves haunted by the presence of a spectral woman. When the son of one of the elderly men returns to his hometown after his brother's mysterious death, they attempt to unravel her story."
"An unidentified man in Green Bay, WI has captured worldwide attention for roaming the streets dressed as a clown. Many write it off as a harmless prank, others aren't so sure. When a group of friends cross paths with the clown everyone calls Gags, his true intentions are revealed."
"Earl Bassett, now a washed-up ex-celebrity, is hired by a Mexican oil company to eradicate a Graboid epidemic that's killing more people each day. However, the humans aren't the only one with a new battle plan."
"A horrible massacre strikes up after an outcast teenage girl is taunted by a group of high school jocks, all of them unaware of her cutthroat telekinetic powers."
"Halloween fun turns to horror when young friends ignore the warnings of a local urban legend and unintentionally unleash a gruesome creature known as Never Knock, that uses their worst fears to stalk and kill them one by one."
A couple's camping trip turns into a frightening ordeal when they stumble across the scene of a horrific crime.
"Seeking shelter from a storm, five travelers are in for a bizarre and terrifying night when they stumble upon the Femm family estate."
A young man carrying a big basket that contains his extremely deformed Siamese-twin brother seeks vengeance on the doctors who separated them against their will.
A terrifying tale of survival in the mangrove swamps of Northern Australia
"During a routine case in L.A., NY private investigator Harry D'Amour stumbles over members of a fanatic cult, who are waiting for the resurrection of their leader Nix. 13 years ago, Nix was..."
"Despite the title, the Wishbone family are far from happy. In an attempt to reconnect as a family, Mum and Emma plan a fun night out. However, her plan backfires when an evil witch curses them, and they're all turned into Monsters."
"The United Kingdom. Soon. Civil war rages. A woman wakes up in a blindingly white cuboid cell. Using its sophisticated functionality, her captor tortures her for information; information she claims not to have - or does she?"
"Norman Bates falls in love with a fallen nun who stays at the Bates Motel alongside a drifter and a curious reporter. Meanwhile, ""mother"" is still watching."
"Set in a near future, technology-reliant society that pits man against killing machines."
"A washed-up luchador and a super-spy investigate Nazi zombies, a nefarious scientist, and a stripper with a Satanic birthmark."
"When his girlfriend becomes dangerously obsessed with a ghost she contacted using an ouija board, Jim reluctantly joins forces with her ex - his own estranged childhood best friend - to identify and exorcise the evil spirit."
A zombie epidemic spreads throughout a strip club in Nebraska.
"A scuba diving instructor, her biochemist boyfriend, and her police chief ex-husband try to link a series of bizarre deaths to a mutant strain of piranha fish whose lair is a sunken freighter ship off a Caribbean island resort."
"After her husband dies under mysterious circumstances, a widow becomes increasingly paranoid of the neighboring religious community that may have diabolical plans for her."
From best-selling author R.L. Stine comes the next spooktacular chapter in the Mostly Ghostly series. Max Doyle must find an enchanted gem to stop an invasion of evil spirits.
"A family's new satellite TV system starts receiving signals from another planet, and soon it becomes the passageway to an alien world."
"A young, lonely woman is consumed by her deepest and darkest desires after tragedy strikes her quiet country life."
"Investigating terrifying true hauntings from the case files of America's first ghost hunter, Dr. Hans Holzer."
"Sergeant Maaka and Officers Minogue and O'Leary are members of the Wellington, New Zealand, police. Their job is to investigate paranormal phenomena."
"A mysterious device designed to provide its owner with eternal life resurfaces after four hundred years, leaving a trail of destruction in its path."
A group of science students have discovered how to scientifically explain the paranormal. Their goal is to present their findings to their school board and petition to launch the very first...
"Trapped in an isolated gas station by a voracious Splinter parasite that transforms its still-living victims into deadly hosts, a young couple and an escaped convict must find a way to work together to survive this primal terror."
"The ReZort, a safari park, offers paying guests the opportunity to kill as many zombies as they please following an outbreak."
"In an abandoned house in Poughkeepsie, New York murder investigators uncover hundreds of tapes showing decades of a serial killer's work."
"A woman is sent to a mental institution after stabbing her classmate in an attempt to conjure an evil spirit called, Mercy Black. Fifteen years later she's released, and must save her nephew, who has become obsessed with the phenomenon."
"This second sequel to Creepshow (1982) features five new tales of horror: ""Alice"", ""The Radio"", ""Call Girl"", ""The Professor's Wife"", and ""Haunted Dog""."
An experimental lab animal called a gargantua escapes from his captors and is suspected to be the creature that is killing people all over the countryside. But when the gargantua from the ...
"A unique, intimate portrayal of a girl grieving for the loss of her best friend, which just so happens to take place on the day the world ends."
"A former CIA agent uses the talents of a young psychic to help retrieve his telekinetic son from terrorists, who want to use his mental powers for evil."
"A businessman accidentally kills The Metal Fetishist, who gets his revenge by slowly turning the man into a grotesque hybrid of flesh and rusty metal."
The co-eds of a Boston college campus are targeted by a mysterious killer who is creating a human jigsaw puzzle from their body parts.
An American writer in Rome is stalked by a serial killer bent on harassing him while killing all people associated with his work on his latest book.
"A night at the movies turns into a nightmare when Michael and his date are attacked by a hoard of bloodthirsty zombies - only a ""Thriller"" can save them now."
A businesswoman is pursued by a psychopath after being locked in a parking garage on Christmas Eve.
"One hundred fifty dead, and three hundred fifty missing in the tiny mountain town of Snowfield, Colorado, and that's only the beginning."
A mysterious and vengeful spirit marks and pursues anybody who dares enter the house in which it resides.
"Several years after a deadly struggle with her serial killer aunt, Jordan works to escape her troubled history. But when her aunt's revenge-seeking specter surfaces to join forces with a ..."
When a young female doctor notices an unnatural amount of comas occurring in her hospital she uncovers a horrible conspiracy.
"In an America quarantined by the rest of the world, humans and vampires co-exist on opposite coasts thanks to a peace treaty, while each side plots to destroy the other."
Two policemen are brought back to life to chase down supernatural criminals.
"A young boy sells his soul to a demon in order to avenge his family's death and successfully lead their influential toy manufacturing company. The demon takes the form of a loyal butler who's always dressed in black and is required to protect, serve and arrive whenever summoned by his young master Ciel."
"20 years after a horrific accident during a small town school play, students at the school resurrect the failed show in a misguided attempt to honor the anniversary of the tragedy - but soon discover that some things are better left alone."
A troubled man gets released from prison and starts taking out his sadistic fantasies on an unsuspecting family living in a secluded house.
A detective of the paranormal slowly unravels mysterious events with deadly results.
"An investigative series that pairs Steve DiSchiavi, a retired Homicide Detective with the New York City Police Department with more than 21 years of active service with psychic communicator..."
"Jim and his girlfriend Kelly are visiting the infamous Willow Creek, the alleged home of the original Bigfoot legend - the tale of huge ape like creatures that roam the forests of North ..."
"Beings with supernatural powers join together to fight against supernatural villains. This team of supernatural beings include John Constantine, Zatanna and Jason Blood also known as the demon Etrigan."
"Supernatural/Horror set against the backdrop of Bangkok, Thailand. After a high-speed police chase leads to an unexpected crash, two American bank robbers and their three local hostages ..."
"Teenage weirdness investigator Marshall Teller adventures through his new small-town home with his friends, geeky Simon Holmes and mysterious Dash X."
"A former circus artist escapes from a mental hospital to rejoin his armless mother - the leader of a strange religious cult - and is forced to enact brutal murders in her name as he becomes ""her arms""."
A group of young friends stranded at a secluded roadside museum are stalked by a masked assailant who uses his telekenetic powers to control the attraction's mannequins.
A guy's regrets over moving in with his girlfriend are compounded when she dies and comes back as a zombie.
"""The Thinning"" takes place in a future plagued by overcrowding where population control is dictated by a high-school aptitude test. When two students (Logan Paul and Peyton List) discover ..."
"When a college girl who is alone on campus over the Thanksgiving break is targeted by a group of outcasts, she must conquer her deepest fears to outwit them and fight back."
A dangerous blizzard hits an isolated town and brings along a mysterious stranger intent on terrorizing people for his own desires.
"Because of the actions of her irresponsible parents, a young girl is left alone on a decrepit country estate and survives inside her fantastic imagination."
A countryside boy named Tatsumi sets out on a journey to The Capital to make a name for himself and met a seemingly dangerous group of Assassins known as Night Raid. Their journey begins.
"When Castle Dracula is exorcised by the Monsignor, it accidentally brings the Count back from the dead. Dracula follows the Monsignor back to his hometown, preying on the holy man's beautiful niece and her friends."
A gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wealthy couple traveling cross country only to shockingly discover that things are not what they seem.
The Crypt Keeper returns to tell the story of a funeral parlor that moonlights as a vampire bordello.
"A homeless vigilante blows away crooked cops, pedophile Santas, and other scumbags with his trusty pump-action shotgun."
Seductive vampire Carmilla Karnstein and her family target the beautiful and the rich in a remote area of late eighteenth-century Gemany.
"When flesh-eating piranhas are accidentally released into a summer resort's rivers, the guests become their next meal."
A group of astronaut explorers succumb one by one to a mysterious and terrifying force while collecting specimens on Mars.
"A search for a winning lottery ticket in his dead father's grave causes Sardonicus' face to freeze in a horrible grimace, until he forces a doctor to treat his affliction--with even more ..."
A man comes across a gang of chainsaw-wielding prostitutes who hack people up for their cult.
Jeong-won is a man with no memory of his childhood and his real family. At the beginning of the film he witnesses the deaths of two young girls. He begins seeing the girls dead bodies ...
A teenager with no hands is suspected of knowing who killed her cult's leader and lands in juvenile detention.
"While on her bachelorette party getaway, Casey, the bride to be, gets a seemingly harmless bite from an unknown insect. After the trip, Casey discovers that everything can change with a single bite."
"The Candyman is back, trying to convince his descendent, an artist, to join him."
"In this surreality competition series, 10 guests are invited from the modern world to attend a dinner at the host's newly acquired mansion estate, which has been locked in the 1920's. This is a dinner party to die for. No one is safe."
"A bullied schoolboy takes drastic measures against his tormenter, summoning an ancient being in the woods using a spellbound book passed down through the generations of his family."
"American professor John Holden arrives in London for a parapsychology conference, only to find himself investigating the mysterious actions of Devil-worshiper Julian Karswell."
"Damien the Antichrist, now thirteen years old, finally learns of his destiny under the guidance of an unholy disciple of Satan. Meanwhile dark forces begin to eliminate all those who suspect the child's true identity."
An anthropologist goes to Haiti after hearing rumors about a drug used by black magic practitioners to turn people into zombies.
"As part of a sorority ritual, pledges and their male companions steal a trophy from a bowling alley; unbeknownst to them, it contains a devilish imp who makes their lives a living Hell."
A skeptical tough ex-cop is forced to team up with a nerdy scientist and firm believer of the paranormal. They must help a secret L.A.-based government agency deal with unexplained and paranormal occurrences.
Two young women terrorized by a group of small town psychos seek revenge on their tormentors.
"The horrific account of 6 year old Martin Bristol, abducted from his backyard swing and forced to witness the brutal crimes of a deranged madman."
"Two years have passed since the CCG's raid on Anteiku. Although the atmosphere in Tokyo has changed drastically due to the increased influence of the CCG, ghouls continue to pose a problem ..."
"A shady police detective becomes embroiled in a strange world of murder, sadism and madness after being assigned a murder investigation against a madman known only as ""The Engineer""."
A murderous shapeshifter sets out on a blood-soaked mission to make things right with the woman he loves.
"Searching for a missing student, two private investigators break into his house and find collection of VHS tapes. Viewing the horrific contents of each cassette, they realize there may be dark motives behind the student's disappearance."
"It's the closing night at the last drive-in theatre in America, and manager, Cecil Kaufman's planned to show 4 movies; films so rare, they've never been exhibited publicly on American soil, until tonight."
Les Hackel (Marsters) is a guy down on his luck who wakes to find an explosive device has been implanted in his neck. He must carry out heinous crimes in order to stay alive while trying to...
Three bizarre horror stories all of which star Karen Black in four different roles playing tormented women.
"A psychotic redneck, who owns a dilapidated hotel in rural East Texas, kills various people who upset him or his business, and he feeds their bodies to a large crocodile that he keeps as a pet in the swamp beside his hotel."
"An author tells the story of how, as a young boy growing up in a 1960s small town, he was haunted after witnessing the murder of a little girl."
"A collection of paintings unleash horror on an unsuspecting family corrupted by the seven deadly sins of greed, envy, gluttony, lust, sloth, pride, and wrath."
"Four college pledges are forced to spend the night in a deserted old mansion, where they are stalked by the monstrous survivor of a family massacre years earlier."
"Four friends on their way to Coachella stop off in Los Angeles to tour true-crime occult sites, only to encounter a mysterious young runaway who puts them on a terrifying path to ultimate horror."
Law abiding people suddenly become violent criminals. A cop and an FBI agent race for answers in this sci-fi thriller.
"Psychics find themselves plotted against by a former colleague, who committed suicide after discovering animated, murderous puppets."
"In the cold, wintery fields of New England, a lonely old house wakes up every thirty years - and demands a sacrifice."
An Arabic-language coming-of-age series with elements of the supernatural.
A squad of unsuspecting cops go through a trapdoor to Hell when they stumble upon a Black Mass in an abandoned building.
"Rivalries, dark secrets, and sexual tension emerge when three best friends find themselves stranded on a yacht in the middle of the ocean desperate for survival."
A police officer and a psychologist investigate the deaths of five people who were killed while trying to summon ghosts.
A man on the run is hunted by a demon known as the Collector.
Three interwoven stories about a terrible curse. A young woman encounters a malevolent supernatural force while searching for her missing sister in Tokyo; a mean high school prank goes horribly wrong; a woman with a deadly secret moves into a Chicago apartment building.
"After surviving the incidents in Barrow, Alaska, Stella Oleson relocates to Los Angeles, where she intentionally attracts the attention of the local vampire population in order to avenge the death of her husband, Eben."
"A normal Friday service at a fast food restaurant becomes interrupted by a police officer who claims an employee stole from a customer, but something more sinister is going on."
Students fight to survive a weekend in the woods.
"After a criminal motorcycle rider is put to death, he comes back from the dead to seek murderous revenge against the residents of a Florida town."
"An introvert teen befriends his new neighbor, and together the couple begin to explore the haunted house that his family has just purchased."
Thrill-seeking teenagers resurrect a demon from his grave and a bloody rampage for revenge begins.
"A former FBI profiler with the ability to look inside the mind of a killer begins working for the mysterious Millennium Group which investigates serial killers, conspiracies, the occult, and those obsessed with the end of the millennium."
"After being resurrected by a sinister entity, Art the Clown returns to Miles County where he must hunt down and destroy a teenage girl and her younger brother on Halloween night."
"London, 2007. Tom Jackman is the only living descendent of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. He has made a deal with his dark side: a body share. What Mr. Hyde doesn't know is that Tom has a family...."
"A meeting with a new inmate in the psychiatric hospital flips Dr. Yehia's life upside down, he prophesies that the death of his entire family is only three days away."
A young woman teams up with an adventurer to find her missing sister in the jungles of New Guinea and they stumble upon a religious cult led by a deranged preacher whom has located his commune in an area inhabited by cannibals.
Aliens come to Earth seeking scientists to help them in their war.
"Juvenile delinquents are sent to a small British island after a fellow prisoner's death, where they have to fight for survival."
"A young woman is forced to return to her childhood home after being placed under house arrest, where she suspects that something evil may be lurking."
"A vengeful witch and her fiendish servant return from the grave and begin a bloody campaign to possess the body of the witch's beautiful look-alike descendant, with only the girl's brother and a handsome doctor standing in her way."
"Physicist Lionel Barrett and his wife lead a team of mediums into the Belasco House, which is supposedly haunted by the victims of its late owner, a six-foot-five serial killer."
"After the death of his wife, a grieving man becomes the victim of a horrific experiment to cure his addiction."
A killer dressed in a police uniform begins murdering innocent people on the streets of New York City.
"A group of bikers, heading to a race, become stranded in the desert and find themselves fighting off a family of inbred cannibals who live off the land."
A teenage girl and her father discover alien clones are replacing humans on a remote U.S. military base in Alabama.
"The small town of Haven becomes a hot-bed of inventions all run by a strange green power device. The whole town is digging something up in the woods, and only an alcoholic poet can discover..."
"When plans for a weekend vacation hit a dead end, a group of close-knit friends find themselves stranded in unfamiliar territory, pursued by a menacing, blood thirsty predator."
A young psychic on the run from himself is recruited by a government agency experimenting with the use of the dream-sharing technology and is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of the U.S. president.
"A collection of death scenes, ranging from TV-material to home-made super-8 movies The common factor is death by some means."
A writer's fictional alter ego wants to take over his life...at any price.
"Burt has a cleaning company and hires four women to clean an isolated house. They find an old book, a dagger and a soul shred and when one of them, Megan, reads an incantation, she unleashes an evil beast in our world."
"While studying the effects of global warming on a pod of whales, grad students on a crabbing vessel and its crew uncover frozen Soviet space shuttle and unintentionally release a monstrous organism from it."
"One morning, a young man wakes to find that a small, disgusting creature has attached itself to the base of his brain stem. The creature gives him a euphoric state of happiness but demands human victims in return."
"A young couple moves into their dream house, which quickly becomes a living nightmare upon discovering a demonic secret awaiting them perennially in the cellar - with unholy pleasures, fear feasting and a brute for all who cross its' path."
"High school teacher Mary Stauffer and her eight-year old daughter, Beth are held captive for 53 days by an obsessed former student. Based on a true story."
A teenager is stuck in a time loop that is not quite the same each time. She must uncover the truth but her actions have consequences for herself and others.
A girl named Rachael Newman has developed a taste for murder and will stand at nothing to become a college professor's assistant.
"During the final days at the Yankee Pedlar Inn, two employees determined to reveal the hotel's haunted past begin to experience disturbing events as old guests check in for a stay."
"Years before Father Lankester Merrin helped save Regan MacNeil's soul, he first encounters the demon Pazuzu in East Africa. Merrin's initial battle with Pazuzu leads to the rediscovery of his faith."
"While at a slumber party, twelve-year-old Olivia is blamed for the horrific and mysterious death of her friend, after singing a song (created by a reclusive mastermind, Milo White) that ..."
"A reporter and a psychic race to close the Gates of Hell after the suicide of a clergyman caused them to open, allowing the dead to rise from their graves."
A priest and two Vatican exorcists must do battle with an ancient satanic force to save the soul of a young woman.
A housewife suspects that her seemingly perfect eight-year-old daughter is a heartless killer.
A detective pursues a sadist specializing in body modification rituals who lures teenagers through the internet.
"A search and recovery team heads into the haunted swamp to pick up the pieces, and Marybeth learns the secret to ending the voodoo curse that has left Victor Crowley haunting and terrorizing Honey Island Swamp for decades."
The wife and mistress of a loathed school principal hatch a plan to murder him while having the perfect alibi. They carry out the plan...but then his body disappears.
The Manhattan General Hospital has admitted a string of young women who have been raped by something otherworldly. The perpetrator only attacks women who are virgins. Dr. Pace and Detective...
Two estranged brothers reunite at their childhood home in the Alaskan wild. They set out on a two-day hike and are stalked by an unrelenting grizzly bear.
"Eren Yeager and others of the 104th Training Corps have just begun to become full members of the Survey Corps. As they ready themselves to face the Titans once again, their preparations are..."
Mulder and Scully are called back to duty by the FBI when a former priest claims to be receiving psychic visions pertaining to a kidnapped agent.
"After trying to rescue a man on the subway tracks, two teens wake up in a room dominated by a mysterious black sphere that sends them to hunt down and kill aliens hiding on Earth."
"A warlock flees from the 17th to the 20th century, with a witch-hunter in hot pursuit."
"An ill-fated television reporter is rescued and sent on a voyage across the ocean, but she is followed by the deadly virus that has plagued her and numerous others."
"In 1988, young sisters Katie and Kristi befriend an invisible entity who resides in their home."
"Based on the book by Toni Morrison, in which a slave is visited by the spirit of a mysterious young woman"
"The vampire Alucard, his master Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing, and his newly sired ward Seras Victoria, try to protect England from a war-crazed SS-Major who seeks to start an eternal war with his vampire army."
An obsessed pathologist discovers and captures a parasitic creature that grows when fear grips its host.
"A liquor store owner sells alcoholic beverages to homeless people, unaware of what the bottles actually contain: toxic brew."
"In the sequel to Paul Verhoeven's loved/reviled sci-fi film, a group of troopers taking refuge in an abandoned outpost after fighting alien bugs, failing to realize that more danger lays in wait."
"A disease that turns people into zombies has been cured. The once-infected zombies are discriminated against by society and their own families, which causes social issues to arise. This leads to militant government interference."
A family moves into a large old mansion that seems to have a mysterious and maybe even sinister power over their actions.
"Deep in the Northern California woods, in the heart of the notorious Emerald Triangle, lies a remote cabin. The residents struggle to fight off the repeated attacks and abductions by ..."
"At the bottom of the ocean, the DeepStar Six has just discovered a new and deadly alien menace."
A teenager who accidentally committed matricide finds himself being hunted together with his girlfriend and mates by his now crazed father.
"Fin, his family and the cosmos have been blissfully sharknado-free in the five years since the most recent attack, but now sharks and tornadoes are being whipped up in unexpected ways and places."
"Marybeth escapes the clutches of the bayou-butcher Victor Crowley and returns to the swamp with an army of hunters and gunmen, determined to end Crowley's reign of horror once and for all."
"An American paranormal anthology previewing stories told by the victims. Victims tell their terrifing encounters with the paranormal. This show contains narrations, frightening reanactments, & religious content."
"In a small Southern town, a wrongfully-killed man exacts revenge on those who murdered him from beyond the grave."
"Based on true events, 16 year-old Jamie falls in with his mother's new boyfriend and his crowd of self-appointed neighborhood watchmen, a relationship that leads to a spree of torture and murder."
"Two scientists come across an auto accident, and find an unconscious man in the wreck. They take him back to their lab and inject him with a serum they have been working with. Unfortunately..."
"A university professor and a team of students conduct an experiment on a young woman, uncovering terrifyingly dark, unexpected forces in the process."
"A rebel girl signs up a group of cheerleaders to help her take down the captain of their high school football team, but a supernatural turn of events thrusts the girls into a different battle."
"After being sent to the electric chair, a serial killer uses electricity to come back from the dead and carry out his vengeance on the football player who turned him in to the police."
"Agents of an oil tycoon vanish while exploring a swamp marked for drilling. The local sheriff investigates and faces a Seminole legend come to life: Man-Thing, a shambling swamp-monster whose touch burns those who feel fear."
"At the snobby Crawford Academy, Virginia's group of friends start to go missing years after horrible events that happened to her as a child around her birthday."
"Stranded at the side of the road after a tire blowout, a group of friends become targets for an enigmatic sniper."
"Three You tubers struggling to get more views on their adventure channel, travel to the mythical city of Casablanca, unaware that it hides a terrifying secret."
"An anthology series that explores the wonders and terrors of our digital age, from outrageous horror comedy to mind-bending action adventure."
"A man imprisons his estranged junkie friend in an isolated cabin in the boonies of San Diego to force him through a week of sobriety, but the events of that week are being mysteriously manipulated."
A young student seeks quiet and solitude to focus on an important work but ends up as the teacher of a peculiar boy who is home-schooled by his parents in an isolated bunker mansion. THE ...
A man and his brother on a mission of revenge become trapped in a harrowing occult experiment dating back to the Third Reich.
"In a zombie-infested quarantined zone of East Mission City, investigative reporter Chase Carter must stop a secret government conspiracy."
"A lesbian vampire couple waylay and abduct various passers-by, both male and female, to hold them captive at their rural manor in the English countryside in order to kill and feed on them to satisfy their insatiable thirst for blood."
"Using a special camera that can see spirits, a family must protect their daughter from an evil entity with a sinister plan."
"Four friends gather at an elegant home during the Summer of Love, 1969. Unbeknownst to them, deadly visitors are waiting outside. What begins as a simple farewell party turns to a night of ..."
A former marine arrives at a mental asylum housed in a remote castle to run it. There he attempts to rehabilitate the patients by letting them act out their craziest fantasies and desires.
Nazis are forced to turn to a Jewish historian for help in battling the ancient demon they have inadvertently freed from its prison.
"After murdering a young girl, Angela Baker assumes her identity and travels to Camp New Horizons, built on the grounds of the camp she terrorized the year before, and starts killing again."
A group of friends stop to pick up a hitchhiking woman only to end up getting drugged by her with a gas. They awaken to find that vials have been implanted in the base of their skulls - ...
An architect's desire to speak with his wife from beyond the grave becomes an obsession with supernatural repercussions.
"Aspiring actress, Kia Anderson, is about to learn that the final callback for a horror Feature Film is something more than she could ever of imagined - Something sinister is awaiting for Kia."
"An unknown killer, clad in World War II U.S. Army fatigues, stalks a small New Jersey town bent on reliving a 35 year-old double murder by focusing on a group of college kids holding an annual Spring Dance."
"A religious sect led by Gustav Weil hunts all women suspected of witchcraft, killing a number of innocent victims. Young Katy, Gustav's niece, will involve herself in a devilish cult, and become an instrument of Justice in the region."
Fictionalized account of actual events and people surrounding Lizzie Borden after her controversial acquittal of the double murder of her father and stepmother in 1892.
A group of friends on a weekend trip to a cabin in the woods find themselves terrorized by alien visitors.
"A horribly disfigured lawyer, wrongfully pronounced dead after a terrible car accident, is taken to an asylum for dissection, only to come back alive, kill everyone, and make the asylum his killing grounds."
A mother and her young son release unimaginable horrors from the attic of their rural dream home.
"A man discovers that his sister was a werewolf, and helps an investigator track down a gang of the monsters through the United States and eastern Europe."
"Casper accidentally finds himself in the world of the living after failing to show up for ghost training and befriended a young boy who teaches him the ways of a ghost, while a ruler from the other world attempts to bring him back."
Godzilla battles an irradiated Ankylosaur and destroys Osaka in the process.
A genius programmer's mysterious disappearance leads to the reunion of old friends and the discovery that the strange stories she left behind may point to an impending technological crisis.
"On a trip to a Mexican border town, three college friends stumble upon a human-sacrifice cult."
"Doctor Anna Macy finds herself inexplicably linked to the disappearance of two girls, fifteen years apart."
Based on the true events of the only case in US History where a spirit caused the death of a man.
"A ski vacation turns horrific for a group of medical students, as they find themselves confronted by an unimaginable menace: Nazi zombies."
A stand up comedian with a brutal alter-ego is interrogated by police about the contents of his hard drive.
"A deep-sea drilling operation goes horribly wrong, releasing the deadliest ocean predator that has ever roamed the seas since prehistoric times-Carcharodon Megalodon...sixty feet of prehistoric terror."
"The almost-human son of ""Brundlefly"" searches for a cure to his mutated genes while being monitored by a nefarious corporation that wishes to continue his father's experiments."
"Clara, a lonely nurse from the outskirts of São Paulo, is hired by mysterious and wealthy Ana as the nanny for her unborn child. The two women develop a strong bond, but a fateful night changes their plans."
A family who moved into a remote mill house in Ireland finds themselves in a fight for survival with demonic creatures living in the woods.
"Victor Frankenstein builds a creature and brings it to life, but it behaves not as he intended."
A man can't speak to ladies. His friend makes things happen but with 2 man-killing sisters looking for a virgin man to sacrifice to bring daddy back from the dead.
Passengers and crew on a flight are attacked by unseen forces that threaten all aboard.
"The film follows Nicole Carrow, a young woman who is threatened by a maniac serial killer, after her boyfriend Jess, is abducted in a rest stop."
"A skeptical professor visits a remote British estate to debunk allegations of psychic phenomena, but soon finds himself haunted by a ghost from his own past."
An investigative team travels deep into the remote Colorado wilderness after a group of young campers are viciously murdered by what may be Bigfoot.
"A college student who will do just about anything for Internet fame is kidnapped by a fan, and her reluctant roommate is the only one who can save her in this horror satire of popularity culture."
"A small desert town is terrorized by a powerful, seemingly possessed car, and the local sheriff may be the only one who can stop it."
A ventriloquist is at the mercy of his vicious dummy while he tries to renew a romance with his high school sweetheart.
"One man's struggle to contain the curse he hides within... and his last-ditch attempt to free himself with the love of family. But when it looks as if he is losing his battle, and ..."
"After a family moves into an old Victorian home, they discover a chest in the attic containing antiques tainted by a malevolent spirit. As the antiques slowly possess each family member, ..."
"Follows the lives of a small group of sociopathic elderly people in Nashville, Tennessee."
The government cover-up of the causes behind a massive explosion in a futuristic UK metropolis spur photo journalist Jennifer Preston on to search for the truth and in the process blow open a paranormal phenomenon haunting the city.
"A hedonistic photojournalist and an anthropologist traverse the Amazon Jungle to unearth the origins behind a mysterious woman, reputed to have been raised by a cannibal tribe."
Five friends are stalked by a group of mysterious and disturbed individuals while on a road trip looking for the ultimate haunted house attraction.
"Ellie, a recovering drug addict, has just moved to a new city with her two teenage children. She has struggled to stay sober in the past and is determined to make it work this time, finding..."
An undertaker's birthday party is interrupted when Jacob Goodnight rises from the dead and proceeds to terrorize her and her friends.
A radio star experiences the worst night of his life when stalkers assault the radio station where he's working.
"Gamers playing a MMORPG based on the ""Hellraiser"" films find their lives endangered after being invited to a rave, the host of which intends to show them the truth behind the Cenobite mythos."
This raunchy horror comedy delves deep into the story of a deranged killer as he slashes his way across a soft core porno. Who will last the longest as the stiffs pile up and the killer plows through his victims?
"In August 1977, a series of bizarre and terrifying events begin to take place in a seemingly ordinary house in Enfield, North London."
"A reporter investigates a series of murders, dubbed the Spring Break Massacre, which leads to further mayhem."
A young photographer and his girlfriend discover mysterious shadows in their photographs after a tragic accident. They soon learn that you can not escape your past.
"The night before their high school graduation, Jessie and her friends are guided by a 'Find My iPhone' app to recover her lost device from a house whose demented tenants are hell bent on making her a flesh and blood member of the family."
"A small town is haunted by the twin daughters of a wrongfully convicted man. Young Jordan is sent down the path to who the real killer is, only to find the killer is very close to her."
"In a dilapidated cyberpunk city plagued by crime and corruption, an unscrupulous District Attorney is savagely murdered and tossed out of a building onto his brand new car. Mysteriously, ..."
"Student filmmakers uncover occult rituals tied to an abandoned warehouse, then gradually realize the horror is closer than they think."
A newspaper reporter investigates strange supernatural occurrences in Chicago.
A young soldier seeks to put an end to the evils caused by a vicious witch hunter.
The adventures of the half human/vampire hunter.
Three kids accidentally re-animate a mummy on Halloween.
Dr. Jekyll faces horrible consequences when he lets his dark side run wild with a potion that transforms him into the animalistic Mr. Hyde.
"Unsold TV pilot and a dark, violent and gory sword and sorcery spoof set in a postapocalyptic new dark age about a Conan-like barbarian warrior hired to steal a golden goblin from a dangerous wizard who lives in a tower in the sky."
"Abby Quinn is eagerly awaiting childbirth but is haunted by dreams where she suffers a miscarriage. When she decides to rent a room to a mysterious stranger, she realizes a chain of events that will unleash the end of humanity."
"A family become imprisoned in their home by intruders, who force them to play a life-and-death game, where the mysterious rules become clear as the night unfolds."
"An ominous darkness invades a seemingly serene sunflower farm in North Dakota, and the Solomon family is torn apart by suspicion, mayhem and murder."
"In a turn-of-the-century Renaissance Italian mansion, its tyrannical owner, a one-handed, wheelchair-bound pianist, with a strong belief in the occult, is murdered."
"Vacationing teens are systematically kidnapped and taken to a strange, rural hospital, run by a mysterious group that needs their blood."
"Welcome to Paranoia, the ultimate escape game. Rule #1: Nothing is real. Rule #2: One of you will die. Lucas and Chloe, two passionate gamers, decide to participate to Paranoia, a very ..."
A man struggles to save his family from the strange and deadly occurrences in the castle they've inherited.
Soldiers attempting to negotiate the end to a long-running war discover the robots they built to assassinate enemy combatants have gained sentience and are plotting against both sides.
A clown comes back from the dead to haunt those who took his life during a fatal party mishap.
"Amid the Civil War in 17th-century England, a group of deserters flee from battle through an overgrown field. Captured by an alchemist, the men are forced to help him search to find a hidden treasure that he believes is buried in the field."
"A news team trails a man as he travels into the world of Eden Parish to find his missing sister, where it becomes apparent that this paradise may not be as it seems."
"When she reaches the end of her lifespan, a scientist rushes to Mexico, in order to save the half-breed alien seductress he raised as his docile niece, but soon awakens the deadly, sexual predator inside her."
"In Chile, a group of travelers who are in an underground nightclub when a massive earthquake hits quickly learn that reaching the surface is just the beginning of their nightmare."
A group of medical students devise a deadly game: to see which one of them can commit the perfect murder.
"A renegade doctor is shot dead and entombed with his fiendish experiments in the basement of an abandoned wing of a mental hospital. Twenty years later, a mysterious woman is admitted with ..."
Lady Psycho Killer is a film ready to rock you to the core. A doe-eyed knife-wielding killer is on the loose in a small town slicing and dicing men of questionable intent left and right. As...
"A corrupt young man somehow keeps his youthful beauty, but a special painting gradually reveals his inner ugliness to all."
Two teenage boys unwittingly summon an ancient evil entity known as The Blind One by delving into black magic while trying to escape their mundane lives.
A rock star returns to his childhood home to shoot a music video while a pack of wild dogs are on the loose killing off the local residents.
"A former Christian missionary, who specializes in debunking religious phenomena, investigates a small town which seems to be suffering from the 10 biblical plagues."
"A young woman struggles to survive on her own in the wake of a mysterious epidemic that has killed much of society, and forced her deep into the unforgiving wilderness."
A reporter is on the trail of a vampiric murderer who travels by plane.
"Horrific visions torment Taryn when she, her brother and college pals move into an infamous old house. Then, her bloody hallucinations become all too real."
A thriller centered on a young woman and her autistic little brother who are trapped in a house with a ravenous tiger during a hurricane.
A rookie cop's 1st shift alone in the last night of a closing police station turns into a living nightmare.
A group of scientists band together to save the world from mutated killer tomatoes.
American honeymooners in Hungary become trapped in the home of a Satan-worshiping priest when the bride is taken there for medical help following a road accident.
The overnight stock crew of a local supermarket find themselves being stalked and slashed by a mysterious maniac.
A mysterious ghostly freighter rams and sinks a modern day cruise ship whose survivors climb aboard the freighter and discover that it is a World War II Nazi torture vessel.
A fisherman contends with an ocean-borne outbreak that threatens his seaside island community.
"A New York psychiatrist finds that a brujería-inspired cult, which believes in child sacrifice, has a keen interest in his own son."
"After his friend is killed by her abusive father, the new kid in town attempts to save her by implanting robotic microchips into her brain."
A young priest is ordered to preside over the wake of witch in a small old wooden church of a remote village. This means spending three nights alone with the corpse with only his faith to protect him.
The now adult Antichrist plots to eliminate his future divine opponent while a cabal of monks plot to stop him.
"A man, crippled in a climbing accident, returns to his cabin in the woods as part of his rehabilitation, but he wasn't prepared for the immanent onslaught."
Two sisters fight for survival when masked intruders invade their vacation cabin.
A cemetery man must kill the dead a second time when they become zombies.
Two high school boys discover an imprisoned woman in an abandoned mental asylum who cannot die.
"A scientist with the ability to enter the subconscious minds of the possessed must save a young boy from the grips of a demon with powers never seen before, while facing the horrors of his past."
"After discovering his origins, Damien Thorn must cope with life as the Anti-Christ."
Turkish villagers (mostly) being under the spell of BLACK MAGIC which is put up on them by a hater in the close or far families that makes them being suffered and trified by the Djins (very...
"A writer with a declining career arrives in a small town as part of his book tour and gets caught up in a murder mystery involving a young girl. That night in a dream, he is approached by a..."
A murder detective must follow the footsteps of a brutal killer within the secrets of a classist college.
A burned-out New York police detective teams up with a college psychoanalyst to track down a vicious serial killer randomly stalking and killing various young women around the city.
"Lucas and Clementine live peacefully in their isolated country house, but one night they wake up to strange noise... they're not alone... and a group of hooded assailants begin to terrorize them throughout the night."
The murder of a wealthy heiress by her husband triggers a series of brutal killings in the surrounding bay area.
"In war-torn Eastern Europe, a world-weary group of mercenaries discover a long-hidden secret in an abandoned WWII bunker."
"When the crew of an American tugboat boards an abandoned Russian research vessel, the alien life form aboard regards them as a virus which must be destroyed."
"A scientist creates Proteus--an organic super computer with artificial intelligence which becomes obsessed with human beings, and in particular the creators wife."
"A newly reunited young couple's drive through the Pacific Northwest turns into a nightmare as they are forced to face nature, unsavory locals, and a monstrous creature, known to the Native Americans as Oh-Mah."
Gruesome deaths begin to occur at a hip Los Angeles health club.
"Set in the not-too-distant future, a Gizmonic Institute employee is lured to the dark side of the moon by third-generation mad scientist Kinga Forrester and her flunky, Max. He is sat in ..."
Sequel to the 2018 hit film --- The Nun.
"An old Gothic cathedral, built over a mass grave, develops strange powers which trap a number of people inside with ghosts from a 12th Century massacre seeking to resurrect an ancient demon from the bowels of the Earth."
"City-boy Raymond returns to his hometown and finds a vengeful ghost is terrorizing his house. Therefore, this man-child recruits Becca, a badass local bartender, to solve the mystery of the spirit threatening people's lives."
Three childhood friends set aside their personal issues and reunite for a girls' weekend on a remote island off the coast of Maine. One wrong move turns their weekend getaway into a deadly fight for survival.
A young boy becomes fascinated with the persona of his dead grandmother and is sent to an isolated boarding school for misfits run by a mysterious headmaster and his wife.
A New York cop investigates a series of brutal deaths that resemble animal attacks.
"Two horror tales based on short stories by Edgar Allan Poe directed by two famous horror directors, George A. Romero and Dario Argento. A greedy wife kills her husband, but not completely. A sleazy reporter adopts a strange black cat."
Two young antique store owners must recover cursed antiques.
A collection of four Japanese folk tales with supernatural themes.
"An exciting and relevant new take on the Haunted House story. The Fall of 2016. A fearful world stands on the brink of nuclear catastrophe. A young researcher in psychical events, together ..."
A jilted fan soon finds himself pulled into a deadly game of cat-and-mouse after he accepts the opportunity to spy on his favorite actress via his laptop.
A collection of disturbing short horror films.
"In the sixteenth century, Francis Barnard travels to Spain to clarify the strange circumstances of his sister's death after she had married the son of a cruel Spanish Inquisitor."
Two female vampires in modern-day New York City are faced with daunting romantic possibilities.
Joe Bob Briggs hosts horror movies with a unique mixture of redneck humor and scholarly insight.
"The vampire Djuna resists the advances of Paolo, but soon gives in to their passion. When her trouble-making sister unexpectedly comes to visit, Djuna's love is threatened, and the whole vampire community becomes endangered."
"Eight people are invited to their old high school for their ten-year reunion where a fellow former student, disfigured from a prank gone wrong, is out to seek revenge."
The ill-tempered Grim Reaper gets into a wager that forces him to become the life-long companions of two scheming youngsters after he loses.
A young man tries to deal with the childhood terror that has never stopped haunting him.
"It is about two Atheists who run a video blog debunking Psychics, Mediums and religious beliefs. However, a death experiment goes totally wrong and as a result they attract evil entities that stalk and haunt them."
"Eggs of the small, furry alien carnivores are left behind on Earth and, after hatching, again set their appetites on the town of Grover's Bend."
"After breaking up with her boyfriend, a professional woman gets involved with a man who seems almost too good to be true."
"Ireland will never be the same after Rawhead Rex, a particularly nasty demon, is released from his underground prison by an unwitting farmer. The film follows Rex's cross country rampage, while a man struggles to stop it."
"A young man, who believes himself to be a vampire, goes to live with his elderly and hostile cousin in a small Pennsylvania town where he tries to redeem his blood-craving urges."
The government hires a feminist at the local university to track down the Piranha Women living in the uncharted Avocado Jungle (westernmost outpost is San Bernardino) to convince them to ...
Devil worshipers plan to convert two new victims.
"As a means to distract herself from an affair, a love-addicted woman befriends a cleaning lady, badly scarred by burns. She soon learns, these scars run much deeper than the surface."
"In the aftermath of a hurricane, a Florida Park Ranger and his family deal with strange occurrences."
"Marie is a vampire with a thirst for bad guys. When she fails to properly dispose of one of her victims, a violent mob boss, she bites off more than she can chew and faces a new, immortal danger."
"A few years ago, a mysterious serial-killer caused panic on Crippen High School. The killer was never caught. A movie company, Cosmic Pictures, has decided to make a feature movie about ..."
"Two years after the Martian invasion, George Herbert's worst fears are realized: The Aliens have returned. As a second wave of Martian walkers lay waste to what's left of Earth, an alliance..."
"Chris Redfield enlists the help of Leon S. Kennedy and Rebecca Chambers to stop a death merchant, with a vengeance, from spreading a deadly virus in New York."
"A mysterious serial killer is hunting other serial killers, and one F.B.I. Agent suspects there may be more to the vigilante than they imagine."
An experiment in genetic engineering turns harmless sheep into bloodthirsty killers that terrorize a sprawling New Zealand farm.
"A family unknowingly awakens an ancient supernatural entity on a Grand Canyon vacation, and must fight for survival when it follows them home."
"In a fantastical 40's where magic is used by everyone, a hard-boiled detective investigates the theft of a mystical tome."
Mr. Malevolent hacks into two millennials' computers and forces them to watch horror tales.
"In Italy, a woman becomes involved in a series of unauthorized exorcisms during her mission to discover what happened to her mother, who allegedly murdered three people during her own exorcism."
"Tom Smothers stars as the brave mountie, who along with his trusty horse and bitter deputy Paul Reubens must track down a killer who is stalking coeds at a nearby cheerleader camp."
A funeral director tells four strange tales of horror with an African American focus to three drug dealers he traps in his place of business.
A young man with an unusual connection to rats uses them at his own sociopathic will.
"The outback once more becomes a place of horror as another unwitting tourist becomes the prey for crazed, serial-killing pig-hunter Mick Taylor."
A high school prom faces a deadly threat: a flesh-eating virus that spreads via a popular brand of bottled water.
"In 1906, in China, a British anthropologist discovers a frozen prehistoric creature and must transport it to Europe by train."
"Three young conspiracy theorists attempt to uncover the mysteries of Area 51, the government's secret location rumored to have hosted encounters with alien beings. What they find at this hidden facility exposes unimaginable secrets."
"In 1989, school is out for the summer. When Camp Stillwater's dark, ancient mythology awakens, what was supposed to be a summer of fun soon turns into one of unforgettable scares and evil at every turn."
"This British anthology series, which was produced by England's leading exporters of horror films, told tales of haunted houses, demons, ghosts, and other supernatural wonders."
Six young actresses auditioning for a movie role at a remote mansion are targeted by a mysterious masked murderer.
"A body conscious photographer, Adrian, concocts a scenario in which he attempts to project his insecurities onto those who mock him. Hired by Adrian, his professed muse Mira and five other ..."
"Six of the world's scariest psychopaths escape from a local Asylum and proceed to unleash terror on the unsuspecting crowd of a Halloween Funhouse, whose themed mazes are inspired by their various reigns of terror."
"An expedition to Titan uncovers an alien being, that goes on a rampage."
"A late businessman's daughter is heading with her aunt to the crumbling estate of her soon-to-be husband, unaware of the strange rumours that cloud the family's name."
"A young trapeze artist must decide between her lust for Sergio, the Happy Clown, or her affection for Javier, the Sad Clown, both of whom are deeply disturbed."
A secret admirer's crush on a high school athlete takes a fatal turn.
"A newlywed couple are passing through a vacation resort. Their paths cross with a mysterious, strikingly beautiful countess and her aide."
A radio host interprets the possible outbreak of a deadly virus which infects the small Ontario town he is stationed in.
A young couple go on an adventurous vacation to Thailand only to find themselves haunted by a malevolent spirit after naively disrespecting a Ghost House.
"As the plague sweeps the countryside, a quarantined village is visited by a mysterious traveling circus. Soon, young children begin to disappear, and the locals suspect the circus troupe might be hiding a horrifying secret."
A young opperata is stalked by a deranged fan bent on killing the people associated with her to claim her for himself.
During a team-building retreat in the mountains a group of sales representatives are hunted down one by one.
"In the near future, 10 death row convicts are forced to compete in a virtual reality game that pits them against dinosaurs and each other."
"A group of troubled teenagers are led by social workers on a California wilderness retreat, not knowing that the woods they are camping in have become infested by mutated, blood-sucking ticks."
Thomas unexpectedly inherits a property with a mysterious curse.
"Two agents - a lady-killer human and a voluptuous demon - attempt to protect a signatory to a peace ceremony between the human world and the ""Black World"" from radicalized demons."
"By day Gerri Dandridge is a sexy professor, but by night she transforms into a real-life vampire with an unquenchable thirst for human blood. So when a group of high school students travel ..."
A small town's doctor takes matters into his own hands after a series of gruesome and bizarre rape crimes perplex the clueless authorities.
"A journalist and his son travel to Nebraska to investigate the mysterious town of Gatlin where, unbeknownst to them, a murderous cult of children are still waiting in the corn fields."
A 26-chapter anthology that showcases death in all its vicious wonder and brutal beauty.
"In the final days of WWI, an allied army unit led by a shell-shocked soldier is sent to investigate a mysterious abandoned German facility located deep underground. What they find is fate worse than death."
"The sadistic tale of a lonely, mentally handicapped boy who befriends his reflection in an antique mirror. This demonic creature orders him to go on a murderous rampage to kill the people he loves most."
"A vagrant enters the lives of an arrogant upper-class family, turning their lives into a psychological nightmare in the process."
A detached university student faces the consequences of astral projection when he uses it to reconnect with his dead mother.
A rogue police detective in search of his parents' killer is murdered and reborn the ultimate killer.
"A doctor, scientist, organist, and biblical scholar, Anton Phibes, seeks revenge on the nine doctors he considers responsible for his wife's death."
Charles Dexter Ward's wife enlists the help of a private detective to find out what her husband is up to in a remote cabin owned by his family for centuries.
"Two women kill samurai and sell their belongings for a living. While one of them is having an affair with their neighbor, the other woman meets a mysterious samurai wearing a bizarre mask."
"Three children are born at the height of an eclipse of the sun. Ten years later, they begin to murder the people around them - even their family members."
A single mother entertains a dangerous fantasy after she's recruited to live in an unsold property in an empty development.
"Three generations of men, including a pervert that constantly seeks for new kinds of satisfaction, an obese speed eater and a passionate embalmer."
"Perfect Skin is a psychological horror film set in London and directed by Kevin Chicken. Starring Richard Brake (""31 and Game of Thrones""), Natalia Kostrzewa (""The Cured""), and Jo Woodcock ..."
"A girl with PTSD attempts to refresh her life at a new school, but soon finds it impossible when she's afflicted by not only bullying and bad memories, but also the supernatural."
Woody and the gang are held up at a roadside motel and members of the group start to disappear from everywhere. Woody and set about getting to the bottom of the mystery.
"Undocumented workers are lured into a wealthy woman's home with the promise of work, only to discover the terrifying fate she has in store for them."
"A group of helpless victims celebrate a birthday on an island estate crawling with killer amphibians, birds, insects, and reptiles."
Amy and Raquel attempt to navigate their way through the choppy waters of their early twenties whilst simultaneously kicking the ass of some seriously gnarly demons. What could possibly go wrong?
"A young man turns to a witch doctor to lure the woman he loves away from her fiancé, but instead turns her into a zombie slave."
A group of young film students run into real-life zombies while filming a horror movie of their own.
"A New England home is terrorized by a series of murders, unbeknownst to the guests that a gruesome secret is hiding in the basement."
"A group of five college kids are forced to match wits with unwelcoming residents when they fly to a ""deserted"" island for a party weekend."
"Two years ago, a young woman named Valerie was burned after entering a tanning salon. Now, her twin sister, Rhonda, runs a local gym where, all of a sudden, people are being murdered."
"Best friends Anna and Beth take a weekend trip to Big Sur, hopeful to re-establish a bond broken by years of competition and jealousy. Tensions mount, however, leading to an unexpected yet ..."
"When a young couple inherit a farm, they are determined to turn it into a success, but strange supernatural forces soon intervene, threatening their marriage and their lives."
A New York City detective investigates mysterious deaths occurring 48 hours after users log onto a site named feardotcom.
Diana hires Luz to take care of her autistic son but soon suspects the nanny has sinister intentions.
A witch put to death in 1692 swears vengeance on her persecutors and returns to the present day to punish their descendants.
"In 1830, forty years to the day since the last manifestation of their dreaded vampirism, the Karnstein heirs use the blood of an innocent to bring forth the evil that is the beautiful ..."
"The show, just the latest in a string of ""reality based programming"" will feature ""Candid Camera"" like stunts inspired by scenes from Science fiction television programs and movies. The ""..."
"After poor advice from a psychic leads to the death of his wife, a man vows to disprove the existence of the paranormal by allowing himself to be possessed by demons."
Preschool kids whose parents are the world's most famous monsters try to master their special powers while preparing for kindergarten.
Strange happenings occur on a WW II submarine.
A drifter obsessed with the supernatural stumbles upon an inn where a severely ill adolescent girl is slowly becoming a vampire.
"Glenn Danzig's directorial debut, is a horror anthology that compiles stories from Danzig's line of comic books of the same name. Stories which focus on horror content that's often sexual ..."
A Shakespearean actor takes poetic revenge on the critics who denied him recognition.
"A documentary filmmaker explores seemingly unrelated paranormal incidents connected by the legend of an ancient demon called the ""kagutaba."""
A young man held prisoner by a cab-driving serial killer must make a life or death choice between following in his captor's footsteps or breaking free.
"A teenager is part of an interactive video game where he kills innocent victims. Later, the murders become real."
"Four young women driving across the desert to Las Vegas have their road trip turned upside-down when they pick up a handsome, seemingly-friendly hitchhiker. When their car breaks down near a roadside motel in the middle of nowhere, they find themselves trapped with a woman-hating, masochistic killer."
"Upon entering his fiancée's family mansion, a man discovers a savage family curse and fears that his future brother-in-law has entombed his bride-to-be prematurely."
"Boris Karloff hosts a trio of horror stories concerning a stalked call girl, a vampire-like monster who preys on his family, and a nurse who is haunted by her ring's rightful owner."
"The spirit of a long-dead prisoner returns for revenge, haunting the prison's new governor."
"Dracula is resurrected, preying on four unsuspecting visitors to his castle."
"In a very old textile mill with a serious rat infestation, the workers discover a horrifying secret deep in the basement."
"A European prince terrorizes the local peasantry while using his castle as a refuge against the ""Red Death"" plague that stalks the land."
"Space radiation turns dead into Zombies. Zomcon fights zombies and finds ways to pacify and use them. On preteen Timmy's 1950s suburban street, all have a zombie doing menial chores. Timmy's zombie becomes his pet/friend and is named Fido."
"A tropical singles retreat takes a terrifying turn when guests realize a poisonous shark is infesting the surrounding water. Not only will it rip apart its victims, but it also uses projectile acid to hunt - in and out of the water."
A serial killer who drains his victims' blood is on the loose in London. The police follow him to a house owned by an eccentric scientist.
"A masked, shadowy killer brutally murders the models of a scandalous fashion house in Rome."
"Ken Boyd, a lonely man fresh out of the loony bin, who sets out to kill those he deems responsible for his miserable life."
An American writer and his English girlfriend are stalked by a serial killer terrorizing Rome after the former witnesses a murder attempt on a woman's life.
"A woman out late for Christmas Eve shopping is soon terrorized by a small gang of troublemakers, and she must fight for her life."
"Three American tourists follow a mysterious map deep into the jungles of Japan searching for an ancient temple. When spirits entrap them, their adventure quickly becomes a horrific nightmare."
An animated series centering on the adventures of supernatural detective John Constantine.
Peanut butter is the secret ingredient for magic potions made by two friendly ghosts. Eleven-year-old Michael loses all of his hair when he gets a fright and uses the potion to get his hair back.
"The now famous Burt Gummer returns to his hometown of Perfection, Nevada for the first time in years, but the deadliest Graboid evolution yet forces him to save the town he swore to protect."
Two teenage girls encounter an Internet child predator.
"A doctor uses special eye drops to give himself x-ray vision, but the new power has disastrous consequences."
"When Simon brings his twelve year-old son, Finn, to rural Vermont to help flip an old farmhouse, they encounter the malicious spirit of Lydia, a previous owner. And now with every repair they make - she's getting stronger."
A prostitute looking for her next meal hitches a ride with a trucker that leaves her praying for her next breath.
"A madman who believes he's a doctor comes to the town where his crazy father was killed, and soon begins murdering people and becoming infatuated with a teenage girl who has a heart condition."
"A group of carpet fitters are sent on a job to an old Country house in the middle of nowhere. However they soon discover it's a trap set up by the savage, cannibalistic family, The Hannings..."
"A young woman gets raped by a mysterious man-creature, and years later her son begins a horrific transformation into a similar beast."
An extremely successful dentist goes off the deep end after he catches his wife cheating on him.
An anthology of four horror stories revolving around a mysterious rental house in the U.K.
"Horror anthology about a college professor (Zada) teaching a course called ""The Psychology of Fear"". He brings his students (including psychic McWhirter) to his home, one dark and stormy ..."
"Man-eating crocodiles return to the lake, as two males and one aggressive female crocodile protecting their nest, wreak havoc on the locals."
"In future Tokyo, a young woman in the privatized police force tracks down her father's killer while battling against mutant rebels known as engineers."
A spider escapes from an isolated Arizona desert laboratory experimenting in giantism and grows to tremendous size as it wreaks havoc on the local inhabitants.
"Two brothers connected to the murderous children's cult of Gatlin, Nebraska are taken to Chicago by an adoptive couple."
"Phil, Melissa, Mitch, Mary, and Vinnie are high school friends, who unwittingly raise the dead on Halloween night. Once the dead have returned, Pitchford Cove will never be the same again....or will it?"
A young couple gets kidnapped and treated like farm animals after stopping at a roadside diner to eat meat.
"Emily and Eden Stevens escape one violent situation only to stumble into another. Terrified and alone, they are stranded in the woods, hunted by a werewolf. When they find shelter in a ..."
"A mother and daughter, still wounded from a bitter custody dispute, hole up in a run-down apartment building. Adding further drama to their plight, they are targeted by the ghost of former resident."
A gang of bank robbers fight their way out of a zombie-infested London.
"Supernatural, semihistorical, horror anthology series, where each season is inspired by a different infamous or mysterious real life historical tragedy."
"In London in the 1970s, Scotland Yard police investigators think they have uncovered a case of vampirism. They call in an expert vampire researcher named Professor Lorrimer Van Helsing (a ..."
"Traumatized by her mother's death, young Susan is becoming possessed by the same demon that possessed her mother before she died. More and more her husband and psychiatrist are noticing the..."
A young couple grieving the recent death of their daughter move to the countryside where they are haunted by their tragedy and a sinister darkness.
"A caring mother loses her sanity, setting off a chain of events resulting in tragedy and murder. The story of Casey Pollack unfolds from two very different perspectives when one night in the woods culminates in absolute terror."
"As a vicious wild boar terrorizes the Australian outback, the husband of one of the victims is joined by a hunter and a farmer in a search for the beast."
"An animated adaptation of ""The Wind in the Willows"" followed by an adaptation of ""The Legend of Sleepy Hollow""."
More people are turned into vampires as they go around spreading their evil satanic hate.
"Late in the War of 1812, a young Mohawk woman and her two lovers battle a squad of American soldiers hell-bent on revenge."
"Several people start receiving voice-mails from their future selves - messages which include the date, time, and some of the details of their deaths."
"In this unique take on the infamous Manson murders we follow two generations of chilling real life events which occur at 10050 Cielo Drive, one of America's most notorious addresses."
"A brother and sister arrive in a small town to help their relatives run an amusement park, and they find the town is terrorized by a local street gang."
"Two American newlyweds in Paris experience a love so strong, it almost devours them."
Workers employed at a French vineyard follow old pagan rituals that call for the life of the marquis owner to save his crops during dry seasons.
A notorious criminal must break an evil curse in order to rescue an abducted girl who has mysteriously disappeared.
Based on the research hospital where Robert Rodriguez sold his body to pay for 'El Mariachi'. 'Red 11' is the shirt color and number he was assigned.
"RANDOM ACTS OF VIOLENCE is an ultra low budget thriller/black comedy about Malcolm - a New Yorker who gets tired of how gentrified, tepid and antiseptic it's all become. So he decides to ..."
"Four friends break into an abandoned insane asylum in search of a death certificate which will grant one of them a large inheritance. However, finding it soon becomes the least of their worries in a place haunted by dark memories."
A murderer begins killing off teenagers at a horror movie marathon they have organized in an abandoned theater.
A couple's wedding day turns horrific as some of the guests start showing signs of a strange illness.
"Teen punks, on the run from the cops and hiding out in the woods, come up against the local authority - an unhinged park ranger with an axe to grind."
"When the 1989 ""one-hit-wonder"" glam-metal band ""Sonic Grave"" embark on a trip to Coachella in hopes of a comeback, their peyote trip pit stop in Joshua Tree incites an ""unworldly"" viscous attack, and they must ""rock"" themselves out of harms way."
"Facing difficult times and with their glory days long gone, the eight undisputed British vampire overlords gather up for their semi-centennial meeting. However, before the break of dawn, there will be blood. And corpses. Lots of them."
"Both an homage to and a re-imagining of the original 1968 film, this update follows a group of survivors trapped in a farmhouse battling a siege of undead zombies....in 3D!"
"Black Mountain Side follows a group of archaeologists after they uncover a strange structure in Northern Canada, dating over ten thousand years before the present. The team finds themselves..."
An archaeological team attempts to unlock the secrets of a lost pyramid only to find themselves hunted by an insidious creature.
A legendary psychopathic murderer stalks a summer camp.
A couple is haunted by a supernatural presence that is unleashed during a college experiment.
"Interwoven stories that take place on Christmas Eve, as told by one festive radio host: A family brings home more than a Christmas tree, a student documentary becomes a living nightmare, a Christmas spirit terrorizes, Santa slays evil."
Count Dracula terrorizes the crew of a spaceship.
"Just before Halloween, three young brothers alone in a big house are menaced by three escaped mental patients who have murdered some traveling circus clowns and taken their identities."
"In the middle of World War I, nine British soldiers caught behind enemy lines seek refuge in a complex network of German trenches. What they soon discover is that they aren't alone - and it isn't a German soldier that's hunting them down."
"A man and a woman awaken to find themselves trapped in a cellar. As their kidnapper drives them mad, the truth about their horrific abduction is revealed."
"In this macabre comedy, retired boxing champion Mike Tyson, his brainy adopted Asian-American daughter, a friendly but wimpy gay gentleman ghost and a cursed perverse mean-spirited talking pigeon solve weird mysteries together."
"Ilsa is an evil Nazi warden at a death camp that conducts ""medical experiments"". Ilsa's goal is to prove that women can withstand more pain and suffering than men and therefore should be allowed to fight on the front lines."
A look at a frightening condition that plagues thousands; sleep paralysis.
Jackie Cassidy and her friends are stalked by a serial killer while having a slumber party.
"An unseen force is manipulating society's most innocent-our children-to act in favor of its cause. As the kids unwittingly help this unknown enemy, the clock counts down in this suspenseful race to save humanity."
"When Ragini joined a new college, little did she know that she was entering a realm where horrors lurked around every corner. It's hot. It's scary. It's a must watch."
"As a silly frat boy prank, Young Sid is boiled in a tub of acid. Years later he returns to wreak havoc on the new generation of brothers in his old fraternity."
"Two friends discover a puzzle box in Mexico, which unleashes cenobite Pinhead."
The Ryan family moves into their new dream home having no idea their new home is possessed by a demon. Katie Ryan becomes tormented by the demon and begins to terrorize her family. A Paranormal Horror Thriller inspired by true events.
"A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them."
"When Ana Rue transfers to a prestigious new acting school, she encounters a malevolent spirit after participating in a viral challenge."
"Three distinguished English gentlemen accidentally resurrect Count Dracula, killing a disciple of his in process. The Count seeks to avenge his dead servant, by making the trio die in the hands of their own children."
"Model citizen, devoted father, loving husband and serial killer John Wayne Gacy - a man with over 30 dead men and boys entombed in the crawl space underneath his family house. Based on a true story."
"John looks to take down Luc Deveraux after a home invasion claims his wife and daughter. The fight pits John against Andrew Scott and an army of genetically enhanced warriors; meanwhile, he must contend with a UniSol in relentless pursuit."
High school students throw a Halloween party in a mansion haunted by a young demon.
"A man who was abducted by aliens returns to his family three years later, but his presence affects them negatively."
"In the wake of two back-to-back mass murders on Chico's frat row, loner Brent Chirino must infiltrate the ranks of a popular fraternity to investigate his twin brother's murder at the hands of the serial killer known as ""Motherface."""
"Ginger's sister Brigitte, now a werewolf herself, must try to find a cure for her blood lust before the next full moon while hiding out in a rehab clinic from a relentless werewolf."
The demon Mephisto wagers with God that he can corrupt a mortal man's soul.
"In a remote part of the countryside, a bungled kidnapping turns into a living nightmare for four central characters when they cross paths with a psychopathic farmer and all hell breaks ..."
A story about a young man and woman who move into a small abandoned town in Iceland to renovate an old house. Little do they know the town has a dark history.
A ruthless doctor and his young prize student find themselves continually harassed by their murderous supplier of illegal cadavers.
"A yakuza enforcer is ordered to secretly drive his beloved colleague to be assassinated. But when the colleague unceremoniously disappears en route, the trip that follows is a twisted, surreal and horrifying experience."
"While vacationing on a remote Scandanavian island with his younger pregnant wife, an artist has an emotional breakdown while confronting his repressed desires."
"With most of the world blinded and the dangerous carnivorous Triffids set loose, it falls upon a band of scattered survivors to fight this plant invasion and the madness following."
A group of cheerleaders become the targets of an unknown killer at a remote summer camp.
"A woman returns home to her estranged family after a near-fatal accident, but begins to suspect something is not right."
A shocking assault inspires horrific violence when a group of teens encounters a girl from their school while camping in a remote spot.
Two treasure hunters uncover a sealed tomb and awaken a mummy that has waited years to come back and wipe humanity from the face of the Earth. It's a race against time as they try to stop the Mummy from wreaking havoc on the modern world.
"A murderer known as ""The Breather"" kills off high schoolers."
"In order to secure a job at a mental institution, a young psychiatrist must interview four patients inside the asylum."
"A sheriff tries to stop the killing spree of a mute maniacal murderer who, as the result of years of medical experimentation, has the ability to self-heal."
"In this dark take on the fairy tale, the growing hatred of a noblewoman, secretly a practitioner of the dark arts, for her stepdaughter, and the witch's horrifying attempts to kill her."
A violent massacre caused by human-sized mosquitoes forces the lone survivors to band together in a fight for survival as the mosquitoes continue their onslaught.
"An Egyptian caterer kills various women in suburban Miami to use their body parts to bring to life a dormant Egyptian goddess, while an inept police detective tries to track him down."
"A gang of armed robbers finds a safe haven in a secluded village crammed with witches--only to encounter the bizarre, the unexpected, and the occult. Can they save themselves, and the rest of the world from the next witch apocalypse?"
"Two best friends see their trip of a lifetime take a dark turn when one of them is struck by a mysterious affliction. Now, in a foreign land, they race to uncover the source before it consumes him completely."
"After 13 years in prison, the mad scientist from Re-Animator (1985) gets a new chance to experiment with the arrival of a young prison doctor, who secretly hopes to learn to reanimate dead people. Good intentions turn to horror."
"A doctor buys a Civil War era dilapidated mansion, and hires a few friends to fix it up, but the mansion hides a deadly secret."
"Gehenna, where developers are looking for a location on Saipan stumble into a subterrran bunker from WWII where am evil force lies in wait."
"When baby Sebastian is born on 12/12/12 everyone around him starts to die. Pretty soon, his mother realizes that her son is the spawn of Hell."
A group of friends who venture into the remote Texas woods for a party weekend find themselves stalked by Bigfoot.
"A decade after Cathy, Christopher, and Carrie escaped from their grandparents' attic at Foxworth Hall, Petals on the Wind continues to follow the twisted plight of the family as they ..."
A woman on the run from her abusive husband encounters a mysterious hitch-hiker.
"In London, the Italian gym teacher Enrico 'Henry' Rosseni is having a love affair with his eighteen year-old student Elizabeth Seccles, who is the daughter of the owner of the Catholic ..."
"Anthology film from three European directors based on stories by Edgar Allan Poe: a cruel princess haunted by a ghostly horse, a sadistic young man haunted by his double, and an alcoholic actor haunted by the Devil."
A string of appalling lust murders shocks the University of Perugia as a sadistic serial killer strangles to death beautiful college girls with a red and black scarf.
"In a world of fake castles and anthropomorphic rodents, an epic battle begins when an unemployed father's sanity is challenged by a chance encounter with two underage girls on holiday."
"Tang Sanzang, an aspiring Buddhist hero tries to protect a village from three demons. He develops complex feelings for Miss Duan, the demon hunter who repeatedly helps him, and finally quests to meet the legendary Monkey King."
"Sold at a brothel deep in the woods to work as a caretaker, a hapless deaf girl must summon the courage to fight for her life."
"A revival of the popular '60s TV comedy series ""The Addams Family"" has them preparing for Halloween in their own inimitable way."
"Clown Motel follows a group of ghost hunters, coming from an old ghost town and a bachelorette party, returning home from Las Vegas. When the groups meet up, by mistake, they're left to ..."
"Three inept night watchmen, aided by a young rookie and a fearless tabloid journalist, fight an epic battle for their lives against a horde of hungry vampires."
A detective investigates her father's dying words; the name of a girl who has been missing for 9 years.
A group of youngsters go out to a disco on Christmas Eve and accidentally run into a shepherd who has prepared himself for a night of pure insanity.
"Louise and Kasper want to become parents but Louise is unable to have children. She seals a pact with her Romanian maid, Elena, to bear Louise's child, but things don't turn out as they planned."
"A group of young horror fans go searching for a film that mysteriously vanished years ago but instead find that the demented killer from the movie is real, and he's thrilled to meet fans who will die gruesomely for his art."
Three male vampires who share an apartment are interviewed by a TV crew.
Female aliens take control of Earth's monsters and begin using them to destroy the human race.
A film student who is obsessed with the movie Grave Encounters sets out with his friends to visit the psychiatric hospital depicted in the original film.
"On his way to becoming an immortal demon, a gang leader orchestrates the murder of an ex-con and his girlfriend."
"A weekend of camping in the mountains becomes an excursion into hell for a young couple, who become pawns in a grotesque plot hatched by deranged locals."
"Set in the 1980s, an estranged family hires a cult deprogrammer to take back their teenage son from a murderous cult, but find themselves under siege when the cultists surround their cabin, demanding the boy back."
"After a twenty-year stay at an asylum for a double murder, a mother returns to her estranged daughter where suspicions arise about her behavior."
"Chris wants to show girlfriend Tina his world, but events soon conspire against the couple and their dream caravan holiday takes a very wrong turn."
"In a blackly satirical near future, a thriving industry sells celebrity illnesses to their obsessed fans. Employee Syd March's attempts to exploit the system backfire when they involve him in a potentially deadly mystery."
"A law student, who takes a job as a night watchman at a morgue, begins to discover clues that implicate him as the suspect of a series of murders."
"Grandpa Sam Dracula is essentially Dracula who assembled Herman because no man was good enough for his daughter Lily, a sexy vampiress. Lily's niece Marilyn the freak is actually normal and..."
Nine strangers are kidnapped and forced to figure out the connection they have to each other as one has to die every ten minutes.
"After a troubled childhood, Ashley searches for a connection, and unknowingly invites in a demonic force, which leaves her loved ones fighting for her soul."
"The orphan and former surfer Chris Emerson and his sister Nicole Emerson move to Luna Bay expecting to initiate a new life without housing expenses with their Aunt Jillian, but she charges ..."
Asia Argento stars in horror legend Dario Argento's sexy spin on the classic tale about the sharp-toothed count who craves human blood.
"Charmed by the residents of Tressock, Scotland, two young missionaries accept the invitation to participate in a local festival, fully unaware of the consequences of their decision."
