"A trucker turned prize fighter, his brother and their pet orangutan have a series of misadventures involving the mob, corrupt cops, motorcycle gangs and pretty dames."
The San Fernando Valley adventures of trucker turned prize-fighter Philo Beddoe and his pet orangutan Clyde.
"A young farmer sets out to recruit mercenaries to defend his peaceful planet, which is under threat of invasion by the evil tyrant Sador and his armada of aggressors."
A New York City waitress decides to become a professional wrestler.
"On the U.S.-Mexican border, border cop Jeb Maynard is hunting for a human smuggler responsible for Jeb's partner's murder."
"An idealistic, modern-day cowboy struggles to keep his Wild West show afloat in the face of hard luck and waning interest."
"Jewish brothers in Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe escape into the Belarussian forests, where they join Russian resistance fighters, and endeavor to build a village, in order to protect themselves and about one thousand Jewish non-combatants."
"Mercenary James Shannon, on a reconnaissance job to the African nation of Zangaro, is tortured and deported. He returns to lead a coup."
"A man's best friend is killed on the streets of New York City. The man (Robert Ginty) then transforms into a violent killer, turning New York City into a great war zone, and Christopher George is the only one to stop him."
"A modern aircraft carrier is thrown back in time to 1941 near Hawaii, just hours before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor."
A football player and his friends travel to the planet Mongo and find themselves fighting the tyranny of Ming the Merciless to save Earth.
Shortly after the launch of a satellite from a space shuttle the satellite collides with a UFO in front of the crew's eyes. Because of an election campaign some politicians try to hide the ...
"A man living in a futuristic sterile colony begins to question his circumscribed existence when his friend is chosen to go to the Island, the last uncontaminated place on earth."
"Maxwell Smart, a highly intellectual but bumbling spy working for the CONTROL agency, is tasked with preventing a terrorist attack from rival spy agency KAOS."
A martial artist must defeat a plan by ninjas to create a worldwide training camp for terrorists.
"Mike Hagan is a pilot in passenger service and candidate for the honor ""Best Pilot of the Year"". Nobody knows that he's got private sorrows - he's an alcoholic. A stewardess notices his regular visits of the toilet and reports it."
"To obtain a supply of a rare mineral, a ship raising operation is conducted for the only known source, the R.M.S. Titanic."
Two Hobbits struggle to destroy the Ring in Mount Doom while their friends desperately fight evil Lord Sauron's forces in a final battle.
A gangster who wants to be an actor; an actor more gangster than anything. Here their paths and lives begin to cross.
"A low-ranking thug is entrusted by his crime boss to dispose of a gun that killed corrupt cops, but things get out of control when the gun ends up in wrong hands."
"During World War II, the British must attack a German ship, but it's safe in neutral Goa. As a result, they send civilians: former soldiers who are about sixty years old."
"The Bandit goes on another cross-country run, transporting an elephant from Florida to Texas. And, once again, Sheriff Buford T. Justice is on his tail."
"The Bandit is hired on to run a tractor trailer full of beer over state lines, in hot pursuit by a pesky sheriff."
"After the Rebels are brutally overpowered by the Empire on the ice planet Hoth, Luke Skywalker begins Jedi training with Yoda, while his friends are pursued by Darth Vader."
"Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the mysterious Darth Vader."
"A fugitive stumbles on a movie set just when they need a new stunt man, takes the job as a way to hide out and falls for the leading lady."
Red powder from a nuclear explosion gives a police officer super powers as long as he doesn't see anything red. He is eventually framed for murder and is unsuccessfully executed by many different methods.
"Superman agrees to sacrifice his powers to start a relationship with Lois Lane, unaware that three Kryptonian criminals he inadvertently released are conquering Earth."
"An alien orphan is sent from his dying planet to Earth, where he grows up to become his adoptive home's first and greatest superhero."
An active volcano threatens a south Pacific island resort and its guests as a power struggle ensues between the property's developer and a drilling foreman.
A vulgar private detective is hired to find a missing groupie and is drawn into a mystery involving a series of murders tied to the music industry.
A young pilot finds himself recruited unwittingly into a covert and corrupt C.I.A. airlift organization operating in Vietnam War-era Laos.
"A comic-book artist meets a woman on the NY streets, but after a quick flirtation, she suddenly collapses, and is picked-up by an old ambulance. He checks all the hospitals in the area, but the woman seems to have disappeared."
"The two American Ninjas, Joe Armstrong and Sean Davidson, team up to do battle against a terrorist and his band of Ninjas."
Tenant helps landlord fight off local street gang.
"Jack Cates once again enlists the aid of ex-con Reggie Hammond--this time, to take down The Iceman, a ruthless drug lord operating in the San Francisco bay area."
"A hard-nosed cop reluctantly teams up with a wise-cracking criminal temporarily paroled to him, in order to track down a killer."
"In a dystopian world, a woman spends her time playing an illegal and dangerous game, hoping to find meaning in her world."
An old flame discovers her ex-boyfriend from the past is a relocated FBI informant out to stop the bad guys.
"Kickboxing champion Jake Raye thought his fighting days were over, until a call from an old friend draws him to the Far East and into the hands of a madman. This time Jake's fighting for ..."
A female rookie in the police force must engage in a cat-and-mouse game with a pistol-wielding psychopath who becomes obsessed with her.
Standard camp shenanigans and romance amongst the counselors and the campers at a lake front summer camp.
"Frozen in the ice for decades, Captain America is freed to battle against arch-criminal, The Red Skull."
"A witness to a mob assassination flees for her life from town to town, switching identities, but cannot seem to elude Milo, the chief killer out to get her."
Unsold TV pilot about two young race car drivers compete on and off the track.
"Robot teachers have been secretly placed in the schools where the students have run riot. The teachers do a good job of controlling the unruly youngsters, until they go too far and some ..."
A brilliant scientist left for dead returns to exact revenge on the people who burned him alive.
A young hot-shot stock car driver gets his chance to compete at the top level.
"Chaank Armaments is experimenting with the ultimate fighting machine which is part human - part machine. So far, the Hardman project has been unreliable and has killed a number of innocent ..."
"In a violent and corrupt prison, decorated cop Louis Burke must infiltrate the jail to find answers to a number of inside murders. What he finds is a struggle of life and death tied in to his own past."
"When DEA agents are taken captive by a ruthless South American kingpin, the Delta Force is reunited to rescue them in this sequel to the 1986 film."
"An escaped con, on the run from the law, moves into a married couple's house and takes over their lives."
The comic strip detective finds his life vastly complicated when Breathless Mahoney makes advances towards him while he is trying to battle Big Boy Caprice's united mob.
"John McClane attempts to avert disaster as rogue military operatives seize control of Dulles International Airport in Washington, D.C."
"Police Officer Alex Kearney works in a rich, plush suburb of Philadelphia. When he stops an important businessman and his story of the incident is not believed, he is sent to work Downtown,..."
"As a reward from a jilted millionairess, Davis is given the $100,000 Porsche of the unfaithful husband. Unknown to Davis and the wife, the body of the husband is in the Porsche. The killer ..."
"After war breaks out between the U.S. and Russia, the two countries decide to settle the conflict by putting its two best warriors into an arena in a fight to the death."
Elite Apache helicopter pilots are tasked with destroying powerful armed drug cartels operating in South America.
"In 1989, clean-cut FBI man John Buckner is detailed to escort heavily-bearded Huey Walker back to jail for offenses dating back to his days as a celebrated hippie radical. After Walker ..."
Adapted from the best-selling novel. Navy Captain Peter Mackenzie is sent on his toughest assignment when the Soviet nuclear submarine Kirov is stolen and the weapons are aimed at the United States.
"A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's ""A"" School, where legendary rescue swimmer Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice."
A South American gunrunner uses an island in Hawaii as his base of operations. A squad of beautiful government agents is sent to put him out of business.
"A young man discovers a mechanical device that merges with his own body, turning him into a cyborg superhero. When strange creatures start appearing, trying to take the device back, he ..."
"Left for dead with his wife killed in their house, L.A. Detective Mason Storm will have to make a quick recovery, expose those behind the murder and take revenge."
"In November 1984, the Soviet Union's best submarine captain in their newest sub violates orders and heads for the U.S. Is he trying to defect or to start a war?"
"After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil."
Professor Gangreen attempts to brainwash the world; a police assistant and a tomatologist team up to stop him.
"Mercenary Gold is sent from the CIA to seize the laser expert Braun in Cuba, before the KGB catches him. A recently stolen giant diamond could be used together with Braun's knowledge to ..."
An elite group of vice cops are fired from the L.A.P.D. for being over-zealous in their war against drugs. It is immediately apparent that some of their superiors are involved in the drug ...
An Ex-French Soldier begins participating in underground street fights in order to make money for his brother's family.
"A supernatural, maniac killer cop teams up with a Times Square serial killer."
A retired DEA agent is out to hunt down and take out a Jamaican drug posse that has targeted he and his family for murder.
"In 1943, the crew of a B-17 based in UK prepares for its 25th and last bombing mission over Germany before returning home to the USA."
Two garbage men uncover a conspiracy involving illegal toxic waste dumping and decide to bring the whole operation down.
An unconventional corporate agent is given the task of shaping a group of violent criminals and technical wizards into a helicopter defense force assigned to protect a mining station on a remote moon.
A Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney is sent to protect a woman who accidentally witnessed a Mafia murder.
A Navy Seal team must set out to destroy a shipment of US-built Stinger missiles that have fallen into terrorist hands.
"A troubled young man is drawn to a mythical place called Midian where a variety of friendly monsters are hiding from humanity. Meanwhile, a sadistic serial killer is looking for a patsy."
"Two feuding brothers (one a policeman, the other a martial arts expert) of different political views, join forces to avenge the death of their father, a retired agent, killed by the mafia."
"Amidst a territorial gang war in 1997, a sophisticated alien hunter stalks the citizens of Los Angeles and the only man between him and his prey is veteran L.A.P.D. officer, Lieutenant Mike Harrigan."
A team of commandos on a mission in a Central American jungle find themselves hunted by an extraterrestrial warrior.
"Sharpshooter Matt Quigley is hired from Wyoming by an Australian rancher paying a very high price. But when Quigley arrives Down Under, all is not as it seems."
"Cyborg law enforcer RoboCop returns to protect the citizens of old Detroit but faces a deadly challenge when a rogue OCP member secretly creates a new, evil RoboCop 2."
"It is post-World War III. War is outlawed. In its place, are matches between large Robots called Robot Jox. These matches take place between two large superpowers over disputed territories...."
A Vietnam vet breaks out of a mental institution to go after drug-dealing gangsters who are selling contaminated product that is killing people.
A New York cop is recruited to return to his hometown and infiltrate the mob ran by his best friend's brother.
"When a kingpin threatens New York City, a group of mutated turtle warriors must emerge from the shadows to protect their home."
"When a man goes for virtual vacation memories of the planet Mars, an unexpected and harrowing series of events forces him to go to the planet for real - or does he?"
"In 1881, cattle baron John Chisum pays a bounty to Patrick Floyd Garrett to kill outlaw Billy the Kid."
"A group of young gunmen, led by Billy the Kid, become deputies to avenge the murder of the rancher who became their benefactor. But when Billy takes their authority too far, they become the hunted."
Futuristic action about a man who meets a clone of himself and stumbles into a grand conspiracy about clones taking over the world.
"UN's secretary general uses covert operations to help diplomacy along. Shaw's called back 6 months after one such operation. He witnesses the murder of Chinese UN ambassador at UN, NYC, chases the assassin and ends up a suspect."
A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Australian supermarket inside the building - along with 12-foot Great White Sharks.
"It's the year 3000 A.D.; the Earth is lost to the alien race of Psychlos. Humanity is enslaved by these gold-thirsty tyrants, whom are unaware that their 'man-animals' are about to ignite the rebellion of a lifetime."
"When a twenty-something computer geek inadvertently downloads critical government secrets into his brain, the C.I.A. and the N.S.A. assign two agents to protect him and exploit such knowledge, turning his life upside down."
Three different stories involving digital creatures collide together.
"A group of thieves breaks into a chamber expecting to find paintings, but instead they release the count himself, who travels to New Orleans to find his nemesis' daughter, Mary Van Helsing."
"Profion, a tyrant, attempts to overthrow a peaceful kingdom ruled by a tough empress."
"A Las Vegas mob enforcer, travels back to his hometown to investigate his brothers' mysterious death."
A former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery.
A retired master car thief must come back to the industry and steal fifty cars with his crew in one night to save his brother's life.
"Immortals Connor and Duncan MacLeod must join forces against Kell, an evil immortal who has become too strong for anyone to face alone."
"When the leader of a team of scientists volunteers to be the test subject for their experiment in human invisibility, he slowly unravels and turns against them, with horrific consequences."
At the the Killington ski resort something has gone awry. Evil terrorists led by the sinister Greig have taken the resort hostage with a stolen nuclear device. It's up to Ski Patrol bum Matt Foster to save the day... and his fiancé.
"Estranged twin brothers - one a con man, the other an Episcopal deacon - accidentally switch places... and find God in the process."
An F.B.I. Agent must go undercover in the Miss United States beauty pageant to prevent a group from bombing the event.
"The IMF is shut down when it's implicated in the bombing of the Kremlin, causing Ethan Hunt and his new team to go rogue to clear their organization's name."
Peaceful farmer Benjamin Martin is driven to lead the Colonial Militia during the American Revolution when a sadistic British officer murders his son.
An unusually intense storm pattern catches some commercial fishermen unaware and puts them in mortal danger.
"A young boy sets out to find his mother. After setting up camp in Central Park, he encounters a group of people even needier than himself."
"Alice hires a professional negotiator to obtain the release of her engineer husband, who has been kidnapped by anti-government guerrillas in South America."
"Astronauts, and their robotic dog AMEE (Autonomous Mapping Evaluation and Evasion), search for solutions to save a dying Earth by searching on Mars, only to have the mission go terribly awry."
"After assuming his dead cellmate's identity to get with the other man's girlfriend, an ex-con finds himself a reluctant participant in a casino heist."
An avenging cop seeks out his brother's killer and falls for the daughter of a businessman who is involved in a money-deal with his father.
New York City police detective John Shaft (nephew of the original 1970s detective) goes on a personal mission to make sure the son of a real estate tycoon is brought to justice after a racially-motivated murder.
"A Chinese man travels to the Wild West to rescue a kidnapped Princess. After teaming up with a train robber, the unlikely duo takes on a Chinese traitor and his corrupt boss."
"A senior at an ivy league college, who depends on scholarships and working on the side, gets accepted into the secret society The Skulls. He hopes it betters chances at Harvard but The Skulls is not what he thought and comes at a price."
"When a retired engineer is called upon to rescue a failing satellite, he insists that his equally old teammates accompany him into space."
The sixth or seventh best superhero team in the world pursue their rightful place in the harshly competitive world of toy tie-ins and fighting evil.
A young man learns that he has to find a hidden Earth ship before an enemy alien species does in order to secure the survival of humanity.
"Trying to bootstrap his way out of Brooklyn's mean streets is Diamond, a rap musician. With his long-time pal Gage acting as his manager, he's trying to lay down a demo tape with cut-rate ..."
A German submarine is boarded by disguised American submariners trying to capture their Enigma cipher machine.
"A climber must rescue his sister on top of K2, one of the world's biggest mountains."
Two criminal drifters without sympathy get more than they bargained for after kidnapping and holding for ransom the surrogate mother of a powerful and shady man.
"In a world where mutants (evolved super-powered humans) exist and are discriminated against, two groups form for an inevitable clash: the supremacist Brotherhood, and the pacifist X-Men."
"A group of Iraq War veterans look to clear their name with the U.S. Military, who suspect the four men of committing a crime for which they were framed."
"A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind."
"A bounty hunter learns that his next target is his ex-wife, a reporter working on a murder cover-up. Soon after their reunion, the always-at-odds duo find themselves on a run-for-their-lives adventure."
"The Pevensie siblings return to Narnia, where they are enlisted to once again help ward off an evil king and restore the rightful heir to the land's throne, Prince Caspian."
"Perseus demigod, son of Zeus, battles the minions of the underworld to stop them from conquering heaven and earth."
"Jimmy's rare baseball card is robbed. Since it's his only hope to pay for his daughter's upcoming wedding, he recruits his cop partner Paul to track down the robber, a memorabilia-obsessed gangster."
"In the year 2019, a plague has transformed almost every human into vampires. Faced with a dwindling blood supply, the fractured dominant race plots their survival; meanwhile, a researcher works with a covert band of vamps on a way to save humankind."
A CIA operative hires a team of mercenaries to eliminate a Latin dictator and a renegade CIA agent.
An ex-con gets on a series of apparently unrelated killings. He gets tracked by a veteran cop with secrets of his own and an egocentric hit man.
"In Paris, a young employee in the office of the US Ambassador hooks up with an American spy looking to stop a terrorist attack in the city."
A martial arts movie star must fake his death to find the people who are trying to kill him.
Discovering covert and faulty intelligence causes a U.S. Army officer to go rogue as he hunts for Weapons of Mass Destruction in an unstable region.
"A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed."
A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.
"With the world now aware of his identity as Iron Man, Tony Stark must contend with both his declining health and a vengeful mad man with ties to his father's legacy."
"Chris Pontius, Johnny Knoxville, Steve-O, Bam Margera, and the whole crew return to the screen to raise the stakes higher than ever before."
"The U.S. military makes a scarred bounty hunter with warrants on his own head an offer he cannot refuse: in exchange for his freedom, he must stop a terrorist who is ready to unleash Hell on Earth."
A martial arts master agrees to teach karate to a bullied teenager.
Mr. Miyagi is back and he takes a new pupil under his wing; a troubled adolescent girl.
"Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a superhero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so."
"A vacationing woman meets her ideal man, leading to a swift marriage. Back at home, however, their idyllic life is upset when they discover their neighbors could be assassins who have been contracted to kill the couple.."
A young woman gets mixed up with a disgraced spy who is trying to clear his name.
"After con artist Eddie Sullivan (Feuerstein) incurs a large debt with a local criminal ringleader, he creates a get-rich-quick scheme and enlists a sweet gentle giant named Walter (Wight) ..."
"Follows the adventures of Aang, a young successor to a long line of Avatars, who must master all four elements and stop the Fire Nation from enslaving the Water Tribes and the Earth Kingdom."
"In a war-torn world of elemental magic, a young boy reawakens to undertake a dangerous mystic quest to fulfill his destiny as the Avatar, and bring peace to the world."
"When a group of strangers at a dusty roadside diner come under attack by demonic forces, their only chance for survival lies with an archangel named Michael, who informs a pregnant waitress that her unborn child is humanity's last hope."
"A CIA special forces team are betrayed and left for dead by their superiors, galvanizing them to mount an offensive on the CIA."
"Former special operative MacGruber is called back into action to take down his arch-enemy, Dieter Von Cunth, who's in possession of a nuclear warhead and bent on destroying Washington, D.C."
"After being set-up and betrayed by the man who hired him to assassinate a Texas Senator, an ex-Federale launches a brutal rampage of revenge against his former boss."
"The supervillain Megamind finally defeats his nemesis, the superhero Metro Man. But without a hero, he loses all purpose and must find new meaning to his life."
A married couple's life is turned upside down when the wife is accused of a murder.
"Two mismatched New York City detectives seize an opportunity to step up like the city's top cops, whom they idolize, only things don't quite go as planned."
A group of elite warriors parachute into an unfamiliar jungle and are hunted by members of a merciless alien race.
A young fugitive Prince and Princess must stop a villain who unknowingly threatens to destroy the world with a special dagger that enables the magic sand inside to reverse time.
"When his peaceful life is threatened by a high-tech assassin, former black-ops agent Frank Moses reassembles his old team in a last ditch effort to survive and uncover his assailants."
"Set in the near future when artificial organs can be bought on credit, it revolves around a man who struggles to make the payments on a heart he has purchased. He must therefore go on the run before said ticker is repossessed."
"While still out to destroy the evil Umbrella Corporation, Alice joins a group of survivors living in a prison surrounded by the infected who also want to relocate to the mysterious but supposedly unharmed safe haven known only as Arcadia."
"Survivors of the Raccoon City catastrophe travel across the Nevada desert, hoping to make it to Alaska. Alice joins the caravan and their fight against the evil Umbrella Corp."
"In 12th century England, Robin and his band of marauders confront corruption in a local village and lead an uprising against the crown that will forever alter the balance of world power."
A CIA agent goes on the run after a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy.
Scott Pilgrim must defeat his new girlfriend's seven evil exes in order to win her heart.
"Strange lights descend on the city of Los Angeles, drawing people outside like moths to a flame where an extraterrestrial force threatens to swallow the entire human population off the face of the Earth."
"Former C.I.A. spy Bob Ho takes on his toughest assignment to date: looking after his girlfriend's three kids, who haven't exactly warmed to their mom's beau."
A group of bank robbers find their multi-million dollar plan interrupted by a hard-boiled detective.
"Revolves around Frank, an American tourist visiting Italy to mend a broken heart. Elise is an extraordinary woman who deliberately crosses his path."
The son of a virtual world designer goes looking for his father and ends up inside the digital world that his father designed. He meets his father's corrupted creation and a unique ally who was born inside the digital world.
A computer hacker is abducted into the digital world and forced to participate in gladiatorial games where his only chance of escape is with the help of a heroic security program.
"A young drug dealer watches as his high-rolling life is dismantled in the wake of his cousin's murder, which sees his best friend arrested for the crime."
"With an unmanned, half-mile-long freight train barreling toward a city, a veteran engineer and a young conductor race against the clock to prevent a catastrophe."
"After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to undo Thanos' actions and restore order to the universe."
The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.
Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races.
A man has a watch that makes him invisible when pressed. However he can only remain invisible for 15 minutes or else he will stay invisible forever.
The story behind Detective James Gordon's rise to prominence in Gotham City in the years before Batman's arrival.
"A demon, raised from infancy after being conjured by and rescued from the Nazis, grows up to become a defender against the forces of darkness."
"Ten years before Kirk, Spock, and the Enterprise, the USS Discovery discovers new worlds and lifeforms as one Starfleet officer learns to understand all things alien."
"The Men in Black have always protected the Earth from the scum of the universe. In this new adventure, they tackle their biggest threat to date: a mole in the Men in Black organization."
"Arthur Curry, the human-born heir to the underwater kingdom of Atlantis, goes on a quest to prevent a war between the worlds of ocean and land."
"A 400-foot (122-meter) dinosaur-like beast, awoken from undersea hibernation off the Japanese coast by atomic-bomb testing, attacks Tokyo."
"After being struck by lightning, Barry Allen wakes up from his coma to discover he's been given the power of super speed, becoming the Flash, fighting crime in Central City."
Jean Grey begins to develop incredible powers that corrupt and turn her into a Dark Phoenix. Now the X-Men will have to decide if the life of a team member is worth more than all the people living in the world.
"Peter Parker and his friends go on a European vacation, where Peter finds himself agreeing to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of several elemental creature attacks, creating havoc across the continent."
"When Tony Stark and Bruce Banner try to jump-start a dormant peacekeeping program called Ultron, things go horribly wrong and it's up to Earth's mightiest heroes to stop the villainous Ultron from enacting his terrible plan."
Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team if they are going to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army from enslaving humanity.
"Teen Miles Morales becomes Spider-Man of his reality, crossing his path with five counterparts from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities."
"Thor is imprisoned on the planet Sakaar, and must race against time to return to Asgard and stop Ragnarök, the destruction of his world, at the hands of the powerful and ruthless villain Hela."
"Spoiled billionaire playboy Oliver Queen is missing and presumed dead when his yacht is lost at sea. He returns five years later a changed man, determined to clean up the city as a hooded vigilante armed with a bow."
"As Scott Lang balances being both a Super Hero and a father, Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym present an urgent new mission that finds the Ant-Man fighting alongside The Wasp to uncover secrets from their past."
"In a world where people collect Pokémon to do battle, a boy comes across an intelligent talking Pikachu who seeks to be a detective."
The adventures of an idealistic mad scientist and his field team of superpowered outcasts.
"Six strangers find themselves in a maze of deadly mystery rooms, and must use their wits to survive."
"T'Challa, heir to the hidden but advanced kingdom of Wakanda, must step forward to lead his people into a new future and must confront a challenger from his country's past."
A group of intergalactic criminals must pull together to stop a fanatical warrior with plans to purge the universe.
"Steve Rogers, a rejected military soldier transforms into Captain America after taking a dose of a ""Super-Soldier serum"". But being Captain America comes at a price as he attempts to take down a war monger and a terrorist organization."
Plot unknown.
Political involvement in the Avengers' affairs causes a rift between Captain America and Iron Man.
"Peter Parker balances his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens with his superhero alter-ego Spider-Man, and finds himself on the trail of a new menace prowling the skies of New York City."
"On the run in the year of 1987, Bumblebee finds refuge in a junkyard in a small Californian beach town. Charlie, on the cusp of turning 18 and trying to find her place in the world, discovers Bumblebee, battle-scarred and broken."
"The Guardians struggle to keep together as a team while dealing with their personal family issues, notably Star-Lord's encounter with his father the ambitious celestial being Ego."
The adventures of Superman's cousin in her own superhero career.
"Foul-mouthed mutant mercenary Wade Wilson (AKA. Deadpool), brings together a team of fellow mutant rogues to protect a young boy with supernatural abilities from the brutal, time-traveling cyborg, Cable."
"The missions of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division."
"In a post-apocalyptic world where cities ride on wheels and consume each other to survive, two people meet in London and try to stop a conspiracy."
"As Steve Rogers struggles to embrace his role in the modern world, he teams up with a fellow Avenger and S.H.I.E.L.D agent, Black Widow, to battle a new threat from history: an assassin known as the Winter Soldier."
"A failed reporter is bonded to an alien entity, one of many symbiotes who have invaded Earth. But the being takes a liking to Earth and decides to protect it."
"Bruce Banner, a scientist on the run from the U.S. Government, must find a cure for the monster he turns into, whenever he loses his temper."
A team of young superheroes led by Nightwing (formerly Batman's first Robin) form to combat evil and other perils.
"While on a journey of physical and spiritual healing, a brilliant neurosurgeon is drawn into the world of the mystic arts."
"During an adventure into the criminal underworld, Han Solo meets his future co-pilot Chewbacca and encounters Lando Calrissian years before joining the Rebellion."
"Armed with a super-suit with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, cat burglar Scott Lang must embrace his inner hero and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, plan and pull off a heist that will save the world."
"When the creator of a virtual reality world called the OASIS dies, he releases a video in which he challenges all OASIS users to find his Easter Egg, which will give the finder his fortune."
"A deactivated female cyborg is revived, but cannot remember anything of her past life and goes on a quest to find out who she is."
"The powerful, but arrogant god Thor, is cast out of Asgard to live amongst humans in Midgard (Earth), where he soon becomes one of their finest defenders."
"When a pilot crashes and tells of conflict in the outside world, Diana, an Amazonian warrior in training, leaves home to fight a war, discovering her full powers and true destiny."
"Three years after the zombie virus has gutted the United States of America a team of everyday heroes must transport the only known survivor of the plague from New York to California, where the last functioning viral lab waits for his blood."
"After escaping an attack by what he claims was a 70-foot shark, Jonas Taylor must confront his fears to save those trapped in a sunken submersible."
"After the murder of his family, Marine veteran Frank Castle becomes the vigilante known as ""The Punisher,"" with only one goal in mind: to avenge them."
"When the island's dormant volcano begins roaring to life, Owen and Claire mount a campaign to rescue the remaining dinosaurs from this extinction-level event."
"The story of Saitama, a hero that does it just for fun & can defeat his enemies with a single punch."
"Five young mutants, just discovering their abilities while held in a secret facility against their will, fight to escape their past sins and save themselves."
"Fueled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne enlists the help of his new-found ally, Diana Prince, to face an even greater enemy."
"The Incredibles hero family takes on a new mission, which involves a change in family roles: Bob Parr (Mr Incredible) must manage the house while his wife Helen (Elastigirl) goes out to save the world."
"Set almost 100 years after Captain Kirk's five-year mission, a new generation of Starfleet officers set off in the U.S.S. Enterprise-D on their own mission to go where no one has gone before."
"Set in a future where consciousness is digitized and stored, a prisoner returns to life in a new body and must solve a mind-bending murder to win his freedom."
"A young fighter named Kham must go to Australia to retrieve his stolen elephant. With the help of a Thai-born Australian detective, Kham must take on all comers, including a gang led by an evil woman and her two deadly bodyguards."
"In the 1980s the X-Men must defeat an ancient all-powerful mutant, En Sabah Nur, who intends to thrive through bringing destruction to the world."
A secret government agency recruits some of the most dangerous incarcerated super-villains to form a defensive task force. Their first mission: save the world from the apocalypse.
The crew of the ship Serenity try to evade an assassin sent to recapture one of their members who is telepathic.
A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
A veteran assigned to extract Earth's remaining resources begins to question what he knows about his mission and himself.
A Duke's son leads desert warriors against the galactic emperor and his father's evil nemesis when they assassinate his father and free their desert world from the emperor's rule.
A team of Navy Seals investigates a mysterious science outpost only to have to combat a squad of formidable alien soldiers.
The gigantic Kong meets the unstoppable Godzilla. The world watches to see which one becomes the king of all monsters.
A small group of American soldiers find horror behind enemy lines on the eve of D-Day.
"A blind lawyer by day, vigilante by night. Matt Murdock fights the crime of New York as Daredevil."
"A wisecracking mercenary gets experimented on and becomes immortal but ugly, and sets out to track down the man who ruined his looks."
A paraplegic marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.
"Bruce Banner, a genetics researcher with a tragic past, suffers an accident that causes him to transform into a raging green monster when he gets angry."
Plot unknown. Third installment of the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' franchise.
"In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, a woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in search for her homeland with the aid of a group of female prisoners, a psychotic worshiper, and a drifter named Max."
"In the vicinity of the liberated planet of Bajor, the Federation space station Deep Space Nine guards the opening of a stable wormhole to the far side of the galaxy."
The untold story of Superman's grandfather as he fights for justice on his home planet.
"In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr. Zorg at bay."
The brash James T. Kirk tries to live up to his father's legacy with Mr. Spock keeping him in check as a vengeful Romulan from the future creates black holes to destroy the Federation one planet at a time.
"A secret military team, SG-1, is formed to explore other planets through the recently discovered Stargates."
"The mythical world starts a rebellion against humanity in order to rule the Earth, so Hellboy and his team must save the world from the rebellious creatures."
"Pulled to the far side of the galaxy, where the Federation is seventy-five years away at maximum warp speed, a Starfleet ship must cooperate with Maquis rebels to find a way home."
"After the Vietnam war, a team of scientists explore an uncharted island in the Pacific, venturing into the domain of the mighty Kong, and must fight to escape a primal Eden."
The Robinson family was going into space to fight for a chance for humanity. Now they are fighting to live long enough to find a way home.
"In 1985 where former superheroes exist, the murder of a colleague sends active vigilante Rorschach into his own sprawling investigation, uncovering something that could completely change the course of history as we know it."
"In a post-apocalyptic and dystopian future, all life has been challenged by oppression and tyranny, as the evil Robotnik is on the wake of controlling Mobius."
Katniss Everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister's place in the Hunger Games: a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve Districts of Panem are chosen at random to fight to the death.
"A new theme park, built on the original site of Jurassic Park, creates a genetically modified hybrid dinosaur, the Indominus Rex, which escapes containment and goes on a killing spree."
A sequel to Avatar (2009).
"An ex-assassin and a wealthy programmer save lives via a surveillance AI that sends them the identities of civilians involved in impending crimes. However, the details of the crimes--including the civilians' roles--are left a mystery."
"Set in the near-future, technology controls nearly all aspects of life. But when Grey, a self-identified technophobe, has his world turned upside down, his only hope for revenge is an experimental computer chip implant called Stem."
"Fearing that the actions of Superman are left unchecked, Batman takes on the Man of Steel, while the world wrestles with what kind of a hero it really needs."
"In a future where mutants are nearly extinct, an elderly and weary Logan leads a quiet life. But when Laura, a mutant child pursued by scientists, comes to him for help, he must get her to safety."
An unlikely trio travel through time in order to battle unknown criminals and protect history as we know it.
"Following the tragic end of her brief superhero career, Jessica Jones tries to rebuild her life as a private investigator, dealing with cases involving people with remarkable abilities in New York City."
The daughter of an Imperial scientist joins the Rebel Alliance in a risky move to steal the Death Star plans.
"When bitten by a genetically modified spider, a nerdy, shy, and awkward high school student gains spider-like abilities that he eventually must use to fight evil as a superhero after tragedy befalls his family."
"When a botched U.S. government experiment turns a group of death row inmates into highly infectious vampires, an orphan girl might be the only person able to stop the ensuing crisis."
"In the near future, Major Mira Killian is the first of her kind: A human saved from a terrible crash, who is cyber-enhanced to be a perfect soldier devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals."
"In a world where mutated humans are treated with distrust and fear, an institute for mutants battles to achieve peaceful co-existence with humanity."
"The world is beset by the appearance of monstrous creatures, but one of them may be the only one who can save humanity."
"When a young boy accidentally triggers the universe's most lethal hunters' return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled scientist can prevent the end of the human race."
"When John Connor, leader of the human resistance, sends Sgt. Kyle Reese back to 1984 to protect Sarah Connor and safeguard the future, an unexpected turn of events creates a fractured timeline."
The X-Men send Wolverine to the past in a desperate effort to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants.
"The last Gunslinger: Roland Deschain, has been locked in an eternal battle with Walter O'Dim, also known as the Man in Black, and determined to prevent him from toppling the Dark Tower that holds the universe together. With the fate of the world at stake, good and evil will collide in the ultimate battle, as only Roland can defend the Tower from the Man in Black."
"An ancient struggle between two Cybertronian races, the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons, comes to Earth, with a clue to the ultimate power held by a teenager."
"A research team is sent to the Jurassic Park Site B island to study the dinosaurs there, while an InGen team approaches with another agenda."
"Josh Futturman, a janitor by day and a gamer by night, is recruited by mysterious visitors to travel through time to prevent the extinction of humanity."
"Clark Kent is an alien who as a child was evacuated from his dying world and came to Earth, living as a normal human. But when survivors of his alien home invade Earth, he must reveal himself to the world."
"A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her teenage son, John Connor, from a more advanced and powerful cyborg."
"A deadly threat from Earth's history reappears, and a hunt for a lost artifact takes place between Autobots and Decepticons, while Optimus Prime encounters his creator in space."
"After Peter Parker is bitten by a genetically altered spider, he gains newfound, spider-like powers and ventures out to solve the mystery of his parent's mysterious death."
"When three different animals become infected with a dangerous pathogen, a primatologist and a geneticist team up to stop them from destroying Chicago."
"An international team of scientists and military personnel discover a Stargate network in the Pegasus Galaxy and come face-to-face with a new, powerful enemy, The Wraith."
"A soldier fighting aliens gets to relive the same day over and over again, the day restarting every time he dies."
"In 1946, Peggy Carter is relegated to secretarial duties in the Strategic Scientific Reserve (SSR). When Howard Stark is accused of treason, he secretly recruits Peggy to clear his name with the help of his butler, Edwin Jarvis."
"Two Jedi escape a hostile blockade to find allies and come across a young boy who may bring balance to the Force, but the long dormant Sith resurface to claim their old glory."
"A century before Captain Kirk's five-year mission, Jonathan Archer captains the United Earth ship Enterprise during the early years of Starfleet, leading up to the Earth-Romulan War and the formation of the Federation."
"America's third political party, the New Founding Fathers of America, comes to power and conducts an experiment: no laws for 12 hours on Staten Island. No one has to stay on the island, but $5,000 is given to anyone who does."
"Former United Nations employee Gerry Lane traverses the world in a race against time to stop the Zombie pandemic that is toppling armies and governments, and threatening to destroy humanity itself."
Three unknowing martial artists are summoned to a mysterious island to compete in a tournament whose outcome will decide the fate of the world.
The crew of a naval destroyer is forced to confront the reality of a new existence when a pandemic kills off most of the earth's population.
"In a world divided by factions based on virtues, Tris learns she's Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late."
"After the Republic's victory on Christophsis, Anakin and his new apprentice Ahsoka Tano must rescue the kidnapped son of Jabba the Hutt. Political intrigue complicates their mission."
"After a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, the rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy a more powerful Death Star. Meanwhile, Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark side without falling into the Emperor's trap."
"A dark force threatens Alpha, a vast metropolis and home to species from a thousand planets. Special operatives Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the marauding menace and safeguard not just Alpha, but the future of the universe."
"A seemingly indestructible android is sent from 2029 to 1984 to assassinate a waitress, whose unborn son will lead humanity in a war against the machines, while a soldier from that war is sent to protect her at all costs."
"After discovering their parents are super-villains in disguise, a group of teenagers band together to run away from their homes in order to atone for their parents' actions and to discover the secrets of their origins."
"Ellen Ripley is rescued by a deep salvage team after being in hypersleep for 57 years. The moon that the Nostromo visited has been colonized, but contact is lost. This time, colonial marines have impressive firepower, but will that be enough?"
"When an old enemy, the Cylons, resurface and obliterate the 12 colonies, the crew of the aged Galactica protect a small civilian fleet - the last of humanity - as they journey toward the fabled 13th colony, Earth."
Agent J travels in time to M.I.B.'s early days in 1969 to stop an alien from assassinating his friend Agent K and changing history.
A sarcastic humanoid duck is pulled from his homeworld to Earth where he must stop a hellish alien invasion with the help of a nerdy scientist and a cute struggling female rock singer who fancies him.
A crusading school principal gets back into action as the original African-American electrical superhero.
A short fan film based on Assassins Creed IV: Black Flag.
"An exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past, present and future, as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero, and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution."
"The early years of James Logan, featuring his rivalry with his brother Victor Creed, his service in the special forces team Weapon X, and his experimentation into the metal-lined mutant Wolverine."
"In a future British tyranny, a shadowy freedom fighter, known only by the alias of ""V"", plots to overthrow it with the help of a young woman."
"A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic."
A young woman discovers her destiny as an heiress of intergalactic nobility and must fight to protect the inhabitants of Earth from an ancient and destructive industry.
"Young hero Thomas embarks on a mission to find a cure for a deadly disease known as ""The Flare""."
"After the crew of the Enterprise find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization, Captain Kirk leads a manhunt to a war-zone world to capture a one-man weapon of mass destruction."
"The crew of the USS Enterprise explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a new ruthless enemy, who puts them, and everything the Federation stands for, to the test."
"Humans in a fascist, militaristic future wage war with giant alien bugs in a satire of modern world politics."
A streetwise hustler is pulled into a compelling conspiracy after witnessing the suicide of a girl who looks just like her.
"Following the events of The Matrix (1999), Neo and the rebel leaders estimate they have 72 hours until 250,000 probes discover Zion and destroy it and its inhabitants. Neo must decide how he can save Trinity from a dark fate in his dreams."
"In 2074, when the mob wants to get rid of someone, the target is sent into the past, where a hired gun awaits - someone like Joe - who one day learns the mob wants to 'close the loop' by sending back Joe's future self for assassination."
"Reckless test pilot Hal Jordan is granted an alien ring that bestows him with otherworldly powers that inducts him into an intergalactic police force, the Green Lantern Corps."
"Three years into the Clone Wars, the Jedi rescue Palpatine from Count Dooku. As Obi-Wan pursues a new threat, Anakin acts as a double agent between the Jedi Council and Palpatine and is lured into a sinister plan to rule the galaxy."
"A 12-year-old boy and his best friend, wise 28-year-old dog with magical powers, go on a series of surreal adventures with each other."
"Set in riot-torn, near-future Los Angeles, 'Hotel Artemis' follows the Nurse, who runs a secret, members-only emergency room for criminals."
"When New York is put under siege by Oscorp, it is up to Spider-Man to save the city he swore to protect as well as his loved ones."
"Jake Pentecost, son of Stacker Pentecost, reunites with Mako Mori to lead a new generation of Jaeger pilots, including rival Lambert and 15-year-old hacker Amara, against a new Kaiju threat."
Agent J needs help so he is sent to find Agent K and restore his memory.
"Wolverine comes to Japan to meet an old friend whose life he saved years ago, and gets embroiled in a conspiracy involving yakuza and mutants."
"In a future where the polar ice-caps have melted and Earth is almost entirely submerged, a mutated mariner fights starvation and outlaw ""smokers,"" and reluctantly helps a woman and a young girl try to find dry land."
"A group of astronauts gain superpowers after a cosmic radiation exposure and must use them to oppose the plans of their enemy, Doctor Victor Von Doom."
"The aliens are coming and their goal is to invade and destroy Earth. Fighting superior technology, mankind's best weapon is the will to survive."
A villain's maniacal plan for world domination sidetracks five teenage superheroes who dream of Hollywood stardom.
"A strange black entity from another world bonds with Peter Parker and causes inner turmoil as he contends with new villains, temptations, and revenge."
"After the earth-shattering revelations of Insurgent, Tris must escape with Four beyond the wall that encircles Chicago, to finally discover the shocking truth of the world around them."
A wrongly convicted man must try to survive a public execution gauntlet staged as a game show.
"A decidedly odd couple with alterior motives convince Dr. Grant to go to Isla Sorna, resulting in an unexpected landing, and startling new inhabitants on the island."
"In a future where a failed climate-change experiment has killed all life except for the lucky few who boarded the Snowpiercer, a train that travels around the globe, a new class system emerges."
"An interstellar teleportation device, found in Egypt, leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient Egyptians who worship the god Ra."
"James Bond investigates the mid-air theft of a space shuttle, and discovers a plot to commit global genocide."
"In a self-destructing world, a vengeful Australian policeman sets out to stop a violent motorcycle gang."
"When the world's best spy is turned into a pigeon, he must rely on his nerdy tech officer to save the world."
"When the network of satellites designed to control the global climate starts to attack Earth, it's a race against the clock for its creator to uncover the real threat before a worldwide Geostorm wipes out everything and everyone."
"In the wake of a mysterious alien invasion, a family fights to stay together in a new world order."
Plot is unknown.
"The human government develops a cure for mutations, and Jean Gray becomes a darker uncontrollable persona called the Phoenix who allies with Magneto, causing escalation into an all-out battle for the X-Men."
A young man is bestowed with incredible martial arts skills and a mystical force known as the Iron Fist.
"A group of high-school students, who are infused with unique superpowers, harness their abilities in order to save the world."
A group of scientists try to track down and trap a killer alien seductress before she successfully mates with a human.
"Goku and Vegeta encounter Broly, a Saiyan warrior unlike any fighter they've faced before."
"Transported to Barsoom, a Civil War vet discovers a barren planet seemingly inhabited by 12-foot tall barbarians. Finding himself prisoner of these creatures, he escapes, only to encounter Woola and a princess in desperate need of a savior."
Three former parapsychology professors set up shop as a unique ghost removal service.
A superhero-loving boy without any powers is determined to enroll in a prestigious hero academy and learn what it really means to be a hero.
The children of secret-agent parents must save them from danger.
"Ten years after initially meeting, Anakin Skywalker shares a forbidden romance with Padmé Amidala, while Obi-Wan Kenobi investigates an assassination attempt on the senator and discovers a secret clone army crafted for the Jedi."
"In a future where people stop aging at 25, but are engineered to live only one more year, having the means to buy your way out of the situation is a shot at immortal youth. Here, Will Salas finds himself accused of murder and on the run with a hostage - a connection that becomes an important part of the way against the system."
"As a war between humankind and monstrous sea creatures wages on, a former pilot and a trainee are paired up to drive a seemingly obsolete special weapon in a desperate effort to save the world from the apocalypse."
"In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation, a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own."
Katniss and a team of rebels from District 13 prepare for the final battle that will decide the future of Panem.
"A brood of fire-breathing dragons emerges from the earth and begins setting everything ablaze, establishing dominance over the planet."
"When anti-mutant Colonel William Stryker kidnaps Professor X and attacks his school, the X-Men must ally with their archenemy Magneto to stop him."
"Almost two years after a virus wiped out most of the human race, Phil Miller only wishes for some company, but soon gets more than he bargained for when that company shows up in the form of other survivors."
Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark become targets of the Capitol after their victory in the 74th Hunger Games sparks a rebellion in the Districts of Panem.
The Dark Knight of Gotham City begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal Joker.
"Superman returns to Earth after spending five years in space examining his homeworld Krypton. But he finds things have changed while he was gone, and he must once again prove himself important to the world."
The heroic warrior He-Man battles against the evil lord Skeletor and his armies of darkness for control of Castle Grayskull.
An extraterrestrial race forced to live in slum-like conditions on Earth suddenly finds a kindred spirit in a government agent who is exposed to their biotechnology.
"In the future, long after the Batman has driven himself into exile, his legacy lives on in the form of the Birds of Prey--Black Canary, Oracle, and the Huntress."
"A half-vampire, half-mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race, while slaying evil vampires."
Peter Parker is beset with troubles in his failing personal life as he battles a brilliant scientist named Doctor Otto Octavius.
The Dark Knight battles crime in Gotham City with occasional help from Robin and Batgirl.
"Shinjiro Hayata learns that his father passed on the ""Ultraman Factor"" to him and fights against evil."
"Aliens and their Guardians are hiding on Earth from intergalactic bounty hunters. They can only be killed in numerical order, and Number Four is next on the list. This is his story."
Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart with the help from others on her side.
"Imprisoned by an adult world that now fears everyone under 18, a group of teens form a resistance group to fight back and reclaim control of their future."
"When a sabotaged experiment gives him super strength and unbreakable skin, Luke Cage becomes a fugitive attempting to rebuild his life in Harlem and must soon confront his past and fight a battle for the heart of his city."
"After discovering that an asteroid the size of Texas is going to impact Earth in less than a month, N.A.S.A. recruits a misfit team of deep core drillers to save the planet."
"When aliens misinterpret video feeds of classic arcade games as a declaration of war, they attack the Earth in the form of the video games."
"After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind."
"She-Ra, Princess of Power, leads a rebellion to free her land of Etheria from the monstrous invaders the Horde."
A desperate man tries to return home to his pregnant fiancée after a mysterious apocalyptic event turns everything to chaos.
"Four waves of increasingly deadly alien attacks have left most of Earth decimated. Cassie is on the run, desperately trying to save her younger brother."
"Intergalactic warrior Star Butterfly arrives on Earth to live with the Diaz family. She continues to battle villains throughout the universe and high school, mainly to protect her extremely powerful wand, an object that still confuses her."
"Years after he fought his way out of an inescapable prison, Ray Breslin has organized a new top-notch security force. But when one of his team members goes missing, Breslin must return to the hell he once escaped from."
"In order to foil an extortion plot, an FBI agent undergoes a facial transplant surgery and assumes the identity and physical appearance of a terrorist, but the plan turns from bad to worse when the same terrorist impersonates the FBI agent."
"When humanity allies with a bounty hunter in pursuit of Optimus Prime, the Autobots turn to a mechanic and his family for help."
"In the mid 23rd Century, the Earth Alliance space station Babylon 5, located in neutral territory, is a major focal point for political intrigue, racial tensions and various wars over the course of five years."
"In the Quad, a planetary system on the brink of a bloody interplanetary class war, a fun loving trio of bounty hunters attempt to remain impartial as they chase deadly warrants."
"Left for dead on a sun-scorched planet, Riddick finds himself up against an alien race of predators. Activating an emergency beacon alerts two ships: one carrying a new breed of mercenary, the other captained by a man from Riddick's past."
"We all have a superhero inside us, it just takes a bit of magic to bring it out. In Billy Batson's case, by shouting out one word - SHAZAM! - this streetwise fourteen-year-old foster kid can turn into the adult superhero Shazam."
"In a dystopic and crime-ridden Detroit, a terminally wounded cop returns to the force as a powerful cyborg haunted by submerged memories."
"Jack Hall, paleoclimatologist, must make a daring trek from Washington, D.C. to New York City to reach his son, trapped in the cross-hairs of a sudden international storm which plunges the planet into a new Ice Age."
"The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes."
An isolated community of superhumans fight to protect themselves.
"This animated adventure series of Bruce Wayne, billionaire by day, crime fighter by night, starts as Wayne balances life as a free-wheeling bachelor, with his role as the Caped Crusader. ..."
"Sydney Bristow is an international spy recruited out of college, trained for espionage and self-defense."
"A special military unit fights a powerful, out-of-control supercomputer and hundreds of scientists who have mutated into flesh-eating creatures after a laboratory accident."
Teenage superheroes strive to prove themselves as members of the Justice League.
Plot kept under wraps.
"Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow ""runners"" for a shot at escape."
Two brothers search for a Philosopher's Stone after an attempt to revive their deceased mother goes awry and leaves them in damaged physical forms.
"In a future where a special police unit is able to arrest murderers before they commit their crimes, an officer from that unit is himself accused of a future murder."
"Gru meets his long-lost charming, cheerful, and more successful twin brother Dru who wants to team up with him for one last criminal heist."
"In a violent, futuristic city where the police have the authority to act as judge, jury and executioner, a cop teams with a trainee to take down a gang that deals the reality-altering drug, SLO-MO."
Avatar Korra fights to keep Republic City safe from the evil forces of both the physical and spiritual worlds.
A soldier wakes up in someone else's body and discovers he's part of an experimental government program to find the bomber of a commuter train. A mission he has only 8 minutes to complete.
"A father has a recurring dream of losing his family. His nightmare turns into reality when the planet is invaded by a force bent on destruction. Fighting for their lives, he comes to realize an unknown strength to keep them safe from harm."
"An elite military unit comprised of special operatives known as G.I. Joe, operating out of The Pit, takes on an evil organization led by a notorious arms dealer."
A group of martial arts warriors have only six days to save the Earth from an extra-dimensional invasion.
A thriller centered on a young man who sets out to uncover the truth about his life after finding his baby photo on a missing persons website.
The further adventures of the Marvel Universe's mightiest general membership superhero team.
"Katniss Everdeen is in District 13 after she shatters the games forever. Under the leadership of President Coin and the advice of her trusted friends, Katniss spreads her wings as she fights to save Peeta and a nation moved by her courage."
"In the year 2154, the very wealthy live on a man-made space station while the rest of the population resides on a ruined Earth. A man takes on a mission that could bring equality to the polarized worlds."
An astronaut named Gary and his planet-destroying sidekick called Mooncake embark on serialized journeys through space in order to unlock the mystery of where the universe actually ends and if it actually does exist.
"Henry is resurrected from death with no memory, and he must save his wife from a telekinetic warlord with a plan to bio-engineer soldiers."
A group of friends venture deep into the streets of New York on a rescue mission during a rampaging monster attack.
A frustrated writer struggles to keep his family alive when a series of global catastrophes threatens to annihilate mankind.
"A.X.L. is a top-secret, robotic dog who develops a special friendship with Miles and will go to any length to protect his new companion."
A retired special forces officer is trapped in a never ending time loop on the day of his death.
"Blade, now a wanted man by the FBI, must join forces with the Nightstalkers to face his most challenging enemy yet: Dracula."
"Carmen's caught in a virtual reality game designed by the Kids' new nemesis, the Toymaker. It's up to Juni to save his sister, and ultimately the world."
The G.I. Joes are not only fighting their mortal enemy Cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence.
A brave and clever ragtag starship crew stands up against the evil Empire as it tightens its grip on the galaxy and hunts down the last of the Jedi Knights.
"Two decades after the first Independence Day invasion, Earth is faced with a new extra-Solar threat. But will mankind's new space defenses be enough?"
"When an expedition to the African Congo ends in disaster, a new team is assembled to find out what went wrong."
"In 2029, an Air Force astronaut crash-lands on a mysterious planet where evolved, talking apes dominate a race of primitive humans."
"In the post-apocalyptic Australian wasteland, a cynical drifter agrees to help a small, gasoline rich community escape a horde of bandits."
"In the near future, crime is patrolled by a mechanized police force. When one police droid, Chappie, is stolen and given new programming, he becomes the first robot with the ability to think and feel for himself."
"A young girl risks everything to prevent a powerful, multinational company from kidnapping her best friend - a fascinating beast named Okja."
A cybernetic warrior from a post-apocalyptic future travels back in time to protect a 25-year old drifter and his future wife from a most advanced robotic assassin and to ensure they both survive a nuclear attack.
"Sean Anderson partners with his mom's husband on a mission to find his grandfather, who is thought to be missing on a mythical island."
NBA superstar LeBron James teams up with Bugs Bunny and the rest of the Looney Tunes for this long-awaited sequel.
The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith.
"After being exiled from the most advanced town in post apocalyptic Australia, a drifter travels with a group of abandoned children to rebel against the town's queen."
"After her last encounter, Ellen Ripley crash-lands on Fiorina 161, a maximum security prison. When a series of strange and deadly events occur shortly after her arrival, Ripley realizes that she has brought along an unwelcome visitor."
A drifter discovers a pair of sunglasses that allow him to wake up to the fact that aliens have taken over the Earth.
A detective from the year 2077 finds herself trapped in present day Vancouver and searching for ruthless criminals from the future.
"In 2018, a mysterious new weapon in the war against the machines, half-human and half-machine, comes to John Connor on the eve of a resistance attack on Skynet. But whose side is he on, and can he be trusted?"
"During the 16th century, Japanese pirates proliferate along the Chinese coastline. In 1557, the pirates take over Cengang in Zhejiang. After months of futile advances, Commander Yu (Sammo ..."
"In the year 2022, thousands of people get trapped in a new virtual MMORPG and the lone wolf player, Kirito, works to escape."
N/A
"After a ferry is bombed in New Orleans, an A.T.F. agent joins a unique investigation using experimental surveillance technology to find the bomber, but soon finds himself becoming obsessed with one of the victims."
"A team of intergalactic warriors fights to protect the universe, but the combination of three highly trained beings and one quirky young boy leaves the team struggling to overcome the dangerous scenarios that are put in front of them."
"Unless a comet can be destroyed before colliding with Earth, only those allowed into shelters will survive. Which people will survive?"
"In an alternate Victorian Age world, a group of famous contemporary fantasy, science fiction and adventure characters team up on a secret mission."
The plot is unknown.
"200 years after her death, Ellen Ripley is revived as a powerful human/alien hybrid clone. Along with a crew of space pirates, she must again battle the deadly aliens and stop them from reaching Earth."
"In 2035, a technophobic cop investigates a crime that may have been perpetrated by a robot, which leads to a larger threat to humanity."
"When a structural-security authority finds himself set up and incarcerated in the world's most secret and secure prison, he has to use his skills to escape with help from the inside."
"After learning that he is from another planet, a warrior named Goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies."
"Alice returns to where the nightmare began: The Hive in Raccoon City, where the Umbrella Corporation is gathering its forces for a final strike against the only remaining survivors of the apocalypse."
"Set after the events in Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991), Sarah Connor and her son, John, try to stay under-the-radar from the government, as they plot to destroy the computer network, Skynet, in hopes of preventing Armageddon."
"In the near future, robot boxing is a top sport. A struggling promoter feels he's found a champion in a discarded robot."
"Set a few months after the events of the second season of Daredevil, and a month after the events of Iron Fist, the vigilantes Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, and Iron Fist team up in New York City to fight a common enemy: The Hand."
"Bound by a shared destiny, a teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor embark on a mission to unearth the secrets of a place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory."
"The Autobots learn of a Cybertronian spacecraft hidden on the moon, and race against the Decepticons to reach it and to learn its secrets."
"Biochemist Michael Morbius tries to cure himself of a rare blood disease, but he inadvertently infects himself with a form of vampirism instead."
"A local scientist is often regarded as a failure until he invents a machine that can make food fall from the sky. But little does he know, that things are about to take a turn for the worst."
The futuristic misadventures and tragedies of an easygoing bounty hunter and his partners.
"Blade forms an uneasy alliance with the vampire council in order to combat the Reapers, who are feeding on vampires."
A professor enters a cave and goes missing. Some of his students come looking for him and get trapped in the cave as well. A few seconds in the cave equals a year outside.
A squad of U.S. Marines becomes the last line of defense against a global invasion.
"Looking for a part-time job, 13-year-old Henry Hart finds himself helping super hero Captain Man as his sidekick, keeping the secret from his family and friends."
A time-traveler assembles a team of mutants in order to prevent the wrecked future he came from.
The U.S. government recruits Machete to battle his way through Mexico in order to take down an arms dealer who looks to launch a weapon into space.
A corporate risk-management consultant must decide whether or not to terminate an artificially created humanoid being.
"Sam Witwicky leaves the Autobots behind for a normal life. But when his mind is filled with cryptic symbols, the Decepticons target him and he is dragged back into the Transformers' war."
"The Turtles get into another battle with their enemy the Shredder, who has acquired new allies: the mutant thugs Bebop and Rocksteady and the alien being Krang."
"Apocalyptic comedy finds a socially-challenged grad school student as one of the last two men on Earth with a beautiful woman. However, the other remaining man is his superior in every ..."
A lone crimefighter battles the forces of evil with the help of a virtually indestructible and artificially intelligent supercar.
"A crash landing leaves Kitai Raige and his father Cypher stranded on Earth, a millennium after events forced humanity's escape. With Cypher injured, Kitai must embark on a perilous journey to signal for help."
"The wanted criminal Riddick arrives on a planet called Helion Prime, and finds himself up against an invading empire called the Necromongers, an army that plans to convert or kill all humans in the universe."
"Scientist Sam Beckett finds himself trapped in the past, ""leaping"" into the bodies of different people on a regular basis."
"After having escaped the Maze, the Gladers now face a new set of challenges on the open roads of a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles."
"To protect a magic talisman from being used for evil, a teenage boy named Billy Batson is given the power to become an adult superhero, Captain Marvel, with a single magic word: ""Shazam!"""
"A Native American owner of a kitschy roadside museum accidentally brings to life three dinosaur fossils. Now really annoyed, the giant dinos wreak havoc on the small town and the local university."
A 20th century astronaut emerges out of 500 years of suspended animation into a future time to become Earth's greatest hero.
"Chased by a vengeful criminal, the feds and a gang of otherworldly soldiers, a recently released ex-con, and his adopted teenage brother are forced to go on the run with a weapon of mysterious origin as their only protection."
"A beautiful hæmophage infected with a virus that gives her superhuman powers has to protect a boy in a futuristic world, who is thought to be carrying antigens that would destroy all hæmophages."
A priest disobeys church law to track down the vampires who kidnapped his niece.
"In 1997, when the U.S. president crashes into Manhattan, now a giant maximum security prison, a convicted bank robber is sent in to rescue him."
"In a last-ditch effort to stop a diabolical plot, a dead CIA operative's memories, secrets, and skills are implanted into a death-row inmate in hopes that he will complete the operative's mission."
A young pilot stumbles onto a prototype jetpack that allows him to become a high flying masked hero.
"After a young man is murdered by a road-racing gang of motor-heads, a mysterious fast-driving spirit descends from the sky to take revenge."
Two young Americans with special abilities must race to find a girl in Hong Kong before a shadowy government organization called Division does.
Pop culture references fly thick and fast as stop-motion animation is featured in sketches lampooning everything from television movies to comic books.
"In an oppressive future where all forms of feeling are illegal, a man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system and state."
"Rookie cop Denny Colt returns from the beyond as The Spirit, a hero whose mission is to fight against the bad forces in Central City."
"Fifteen years after a permanent global blackout, a group of revolutionaries seeks to drive out an occupying force posing as the United States Government."
A group of people try to survive when machines start to come alive and become homicidal.
A growing nation of genetically evolved apes led by Caesar is threatened by a band of human survivors of the devastating virus unleashed a decade earlier.
"A team of teenagers with attitude are recruited to save Angel Grove from the evil witch, Rita Repulsa, and later, Lord Zedd, Emperor of all he sees, and their horde of monsters."
"Hoping to alter the events of the past, a 19th century inventor instead travels 800,000 years into the future, where he finds humankind divided into two warring races."
"Six months after the defeat of Majin Buu, The mighty Saiyan Son Goku continues his quest on becoming stronger."
A teenager with teleportation abilities suddenly finds himself in the middle of an ancient war between those like him and their sworn annihilators.
"An immortal Scottish swordsman must confront the last of his immortal opponent, a murderously brutal barbarian who lusts for the fabled ""Prize""."
A fleet of ships is forced to do battle with an armada of unknown origins in order to discover and thwart their destructive goals.
A young woman discovers she has the extraordinary power of teleportation.
A group of teenagers look to save their town from an invasion of North Korean soldiers.
"After a severely injured test pilot is rebuilt with nuclear powered limbs and implants, he serves as an intelligence agent."
"Snake Plissken is once again called in by the United States government to recover a potential doomsday device from Los Angeles, now an autonomous island where undesirables are deported."
"A group of genetically-enhanced children escape from a lab project. Years later we meet Max, one of the escapees who now works for a messenger service in the post-apocalyptic Pacific Northwest."
A series of stand-alone short films featuring characters and storylines from Star Trek: Discovery (2017).
"Searching for a cure to Alzheimer's disease, a group of scientists on an isolated research facility become the prey, as a trio of intelligent sharks fight back."
"A scientist's drive for artificial intelligence, takes on dangerous implications when his consciousness is uploaded into one such program."
"Picking up directly from the previous movie, vampire warrior Selene and the half werewolf Michael hunt for clues to reveal the history of their races and the war between them."
"When an unseen enemy threatens mankind by taking over their bodies and erasing their memories, Melanie will risk everything to protect the people she cares most about, proving that love can conquer all in a dangerous new world."
Army doctor Robert Neville struggles to create a cure for the plague that wiped out most of the human race.
"Two crew members of a spaceship wake up from hypersleep to discover that all their colleagues are missing. Despite this, it appears that they are not alone."
"A research vessel finds a missing ship, commanded by a mysterious scientist, on the edge of a black hole."
A substance designed to help the brain repair itself gives advanced intelligence to a chimpanzee who leads an ape uprising.
A follow-up to the film Iron Sky (2012) in which Nazis plan to take over the world after lying dormant in a secret military base on the moon.
A weekend at a lake house in the Louisiana Gulf turns into a nightmare for seven vacationers as they are subjected to shark attacks.
Venomous spiders get exposed to a noxious chemical that causes them to grow to monumental proportions.
"A psychic middle school boy tries to live a normal life and keep his growing powers under control, even though he constantly gets into trouble."
"Following the death of his father, Britt Reid, heir to his father's large company, teams up with his late dad's assistant Kato to become a masked crime fighting team."
"After being shot, Tom wakes from a coma to discover that fragments of his smart phone have been embedded in his head, and worse, that returning to normal teenage life is impossible because he has developed a strange set of superpowers."
M.I.T. professor John Koestler links a mysterious list of numbers from a time capsule to past and future disasters and sets out to prevent the ultimate catastrophe.
"High school student Kurosaki Ichigo is unlike any ordinary kid because he can see ghosts. After an accident with a hollow, he got a power.So begins Kurosaki Ichigo's training and duty as a Shinigami, Soul Reaper."
Japan is plunged into chaos upon the appearance of a giant monster.
"An origins story centered on the centuries-old feud between the race of aristocratic vampires and their onetime slaves, the Lycans."
"The Cortez siblings set out for a mysterious island, where they encounter a genetic scientist and a set of rival spy kids."
Video game expert Alex Rogan finds himself transported to another planet after conquering The Last Starfighter video game only to find out it was just a test. He was recruited to join the team of best starfighters to defend their world from the attack.
A sci-fi/thriller story centered on a special-ops team that is dispatched to fight supernatural beings.
"A dying real estate mogul transfers his consciousness into a healthy young body, but soon finds that neither the procedure nor the company that performed it are quite what they seem."
Survivors of an alien attack on earth gather together to fight for their lives and fight back.
"Three groups of people intertwine and are left stranded in the streets on Purge Night, trying to survive the chaos and violence that occurs."
Captain Dylan Hunt and the crew of the Andromeda Ascendant set out on a mission to rebuild the Systems Commonwealth 300 years after its fall.
"Former Police Sergeant Barnes becomes head of security for Senator Charlie Roan, a Presidential candidate targeted for death on Purge night due to her vow to eliminate the Purge."
A police officer is brought out of suspended animation in prison to pursue an old ultra-violent nemesis who is loose in a non-violent future society.
The further adventures of the crew of the USS Enterprise.
Plot unknown. Sequel to the 2018 film 'Aquaman'.
The only way to save Earth from catastrophe is to drill down to the core and set it spinning again.
"A small town in Kansas is literally left in the dark after seeing a mushroom cloud over near-by Denver, Colorado. The townspeople struggle to find answers about the blast and solutions on how to survive."
"The young warrior Son Goku sets out on a quest, racing against time and the vengeful King Piccolo, to collect a set of seven magical orbs that will grant their wielder unlimited power."
A young adventurer named Milo Thatch joins an intrepid group of explorers to find the mysterious lost continent of Atlantis.
"Jason Voorhees returns with a new look, a new machete, and his same murderous attitude as he is awakened on a spaceship in the 25th century."
"Kazuda Xiono, a young pilot for the Resistance, is tasked with a top secret mission to investigate the First Order, a growing threat in the galaxy."
Alice wakes up in Racoon city hospital after the city has been overrun by zombies. Alice must now make it out of the city before a mucilage bomb is dropped on the city.
"Two Secret Service Agents, equipped with a wide array of gizmos, work for the government in the Old West."
A young boy is recruited by his imaginary friends Sharkboy and Lavagirl to help save their planet.
The daily surreal adventures of a blue jay and raccoon duo that attempt to deal with their mundane jobs as groundskeepers at the local park.
"On his latest expedition, Dr. Rick Marshall is sucked into a space-time vortex alongside his research assistant and a redneck survivalist. In this alternate universe, the trio make friends with a primate named Chaka, their only ally in a world full of dinosaurs and other fantastic creatures."
"In a future mind-controlling game, death row convicts are forced to battle in a 'Doom'-type environment. Convict Kable, controlled by Simon, a skilled teenage gamer, must survive thirty sessions in order to be set free. Or won't he?"
"Superhero roommates Robin, Cyborg, Starfire, Raven and Beast Boy love saving the day, but what happens when they're done fighting crime?"
The two best hired guns in the West must save President Grant from the clutches of a nineteenth century inventor-villain.
Plot undisclosed.
A young boy searches a future world wasteland for a rumored cure for his dying mother.
"On a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother, a scientist, his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth."
A group of inept amateur superheroes must try to save the day when a supervillian threatens to destroy a major superhero and the city.
"A group of humans join the Green Lantern Corps, an alien interstellar police force that protects the universe."
"John steals money and a bracelet/temporal dislocator from a Chinese antiques shop. Fleeing, he triggers the device and goes minutes back in time. The time travels result in new Johns and they form the Mega Time Squad."
A tough-as-nails detective embarks on a relentless pursuit to free his son from a nightmarish alien warship.
A futuristic action thriller where a team of people work to prevent a disaster threatening the future of the human race.
"Juan López, an ordinary and anonymous office worker, decides to expose his superpowers to turn into the first Spanish superhero: Superlópez."
A team of five teenaged superheroes save the world from many villains around their city while experiencing things normal teens face today.
"When The Hood finds and invades International Rescue's secret base and traps most of the Tracy family, only young Alan Tracy and his friends can save the day."
"During an archaeological expedition on Bouvetøya Island in Antarctica, a team of archaeologists and other scientists find themselves caught up in a battle between the two legends. Soon, the team realize that only one species can win."
Two young brothers are drawn into an intergalactic adventure when their house is hurled through the depths of space by the magical board game they are playing.
Ex-con Jensen Ames is forced by the warden of a notorious prison to compete in our post-industrial world's most popular sport: a car race in which inmates must brutalize and kill one another on the road to victory.
"These siblings with superpowers might be twins, but they are very different indeed."
Space Marines are sent to investigate strange events at a research facility on Mars but find themselves at the mercy of genetically enhanced killing machines.
"Phineas and Ferb invent, scheme, and stay one step ahead of their bratty sister. Meanwhile, their pet platypus plots against evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz."
An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry.
A nameless drifter dons a postman's uniform and bag of mail as he begins a quest to inspire hope to the survivors living in post-apocalyptic America.
"Johnny Blaze, tortured by the Ghost Rider's curse, gets a chance of redemption through protecting the Devil's son, whose father is pursuing him."
"A girl is among the few survivors of a dystopian Earth. Riding a war tank, she fights against the tyranny of a mega-corporation that dominates the remaining potable water supply of the planet."
"On the eve of retirement, Kirk and McCoy are charged with assassinating the Klingon High Chancellor and imprisoned. The Enterprise crew must help them escape to thwart a conspiracy aimed at sabotaging the last best hope for peace."
"The Enterprise is diverted to the Romulan homeworld Romulus, supposedly because they want to negotiate a peace treaty. Captain Picard and his crew discover a serious threat to the Federation once Praetor Shinzon plans to attack Earth."
"In a world where superheroes have been real for decades, an accountant with no superpowers comes to realize his city is owned by a super villain. As he struggles to uncover this conspiracy, he falls in league with a strange blue superhero."
A rag doll that awakens in a postapocalyptic future holds the key to humanity's salvation.
"A race of space vampires arrives in London and infects the populace, beginning an apocalyptic descent into chaos."
"Aeon Flux is a mysterious assassin working for the Monicans, a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. When she is sent on a mission to kill the Chairman, a whole new mystery is found."
"After the death of Superman, several new people present themselves as possible successors."
"In 1933 New York, an overly ambitious movie producer coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to the mysterious Skull Island, where they encounter Kong, a giant ape who is immediately smitten with leading lady Ann Darrow."
A martial artist hunts a killer in a plague-infested urban dump of the future.
A prince and a fellowship of companions set out to rescue his bride from a fortress of alien invaders who have arrived on their home planet.
"When missile technology is used to enhance toy action figures, the toys soon begin to take their battle programming too seriously."
A samurai sent through time fights to return home and save the world.
"An astronaut gets infected with alien DNA during the first mission on Mars and runs amok on earth. Preston and Laura team up with a peaceful, genetically re-engineered Sil to track the monster down."
A starship crew goes to investigate the silence of a planet's colony only to find two survivors and a deadly secret that one of them has.
A woman transformed into a giant after she is struck by a meteorite on her wedding day becomes part of a team of monsters sent in by the U.S. government to defeat an alien mastermind trying to take over Earth.
A Las Vegas magician who can see into the future is pursued by FBI agents seeking to use his abilities to prevent a nuclear terrorist attack.
"Set in a futuristic world where humans live in isolation and interact through surrogate robots, a cop is forced to leave his home for the first time in years in order to investigate the murders of others' surrogates."
The Borg travel back in time intent on preventing Earth's first contact with an alien species. Captain Picard and his crew pursue them to ensure that Zefram Cochran makes his maiden flight reaching warp speed.
The discovery of a massive river of ectoplasm and a resurgence of spectral activity allows the staff of Ghostbusters to revive the business.
The Nazis set up a secret base on the dark side of the moon in 1945 where they hide out and plan to return to power in 2018.
A teen gang in South London defend their block from an alien invasion.
"In 1590, Coronado dispatched a division of one thousand men to find the legendary city of gold, El Dorado. Those men never returned. While searching Baja peninsula caves as part of an ..."
"With the assistance of the Enterprise crew, Admiral Kirk must stop an old nemesis, Khan Noonien Singh, from using the life-generating Genesis Device as the ultimate weapon."
Tromaville has a monstrous new hero. The Toxic Avenger is born when meek mop boy Melvin falls into a vat of toxic waste. Now evildoers will have a lot to lose.
A young boy befriends a giant robot from outer space that a paranoid government agent wants to destroy.
"After an unprecedented global pandemic turns the majority of humankind into violent ""Infected,"" a man gifted with the ability to speak the Infected's new language leads the last survivors on a hunt for Patient Zero and a cure."
"The members of the Torchwood Institute, a secret organization founded by the British Crown, fight to protect the Earth from extraterrestrial and supernatural threats."
"Set in the future, a secret agency combines a newly discovered substance called ""Morph-X"" with animal DNA to create the Power Rangers Beast Morphers team. The Rangers must fight off an evil..."
"In a dystopian future, Joseph Dredd, the most famous Judge (a police officer with instant field judiciary powers), is convicted for a crime he did not commit and must face his murderous counterpart."
"A father and son go on the run, pursued by the government and a cult drawn to the child's special powers."
"A young driver, Speed Racer, aspires to be champion of the racing world with the help of his family and his high-tech Mach 5 automobile."
"A volcano erupts in downtown Los Angeles, threatening to destroy the city."
A bank teller discovers that he's actually a player inside a video game.
"When the fate of their world, Ninjago, is challenged by great threats, it's up to the ninja: Kai, Jay, Cole, Zane, Lloyd and Nya to save the world."
"When a failed alchemical ritual leaves brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric with severely damaged bodies, they begin searching for the one thing that can save them; the fabled philosopher's stone."
Alice fights alongside a resistance movement to regain her freedom from an Umbrella Corporation testing facility.
"A small town in California is attacked by Martians, beginning a worldwide invasion."
"Science fiction suspense thriller, in which a rescue space ship crew meets up with horrors projected by their own imaginations."
"Private Luc Deveraux and his sadistic sergeant, Andrew Scott, got killed in Vietnam. The army uses their bodies for a secret project - reanimating dead soldiers as deadly obedient cyborgs. However, their memories come back too."
"Flint Lockwood now works at The Live Corp Company for his idol Chester V. But he's forced to leave his post when he learns that his most infamous machine is still operational, and is churning out menacing food-animal hybrids."
"In Molokai, two undercover drug enforcement agents are after a vicious drug kingpin, but on the way, they will also have to deal with a contaminated giant python."
"In 2176, a Martian police unit is sent to pick up a highly dangerous criminal at a remote mining post. Upon arrival, the cops find that the post has become a charnel house."
A new team of superhuman power rangers must work together and use their new ninja powers to prevent evil from dominating the human race and from destroying the planet earth and the universe
"A giant egg is unearthed at a construction site and soon opened, releasing the terrible Ivan Ooze, who wreaks vengeance on Zordon for imprisoning him millennia ago. With Zordon dying and their powers lost, the Rangers head to a distant planet to find the mystic warrior Dulcea."
Synthetic kryptonite laced with tar splits Superman in two: good Clark Kent and bad Man of Steel.
"A hapless store clerk must foil criminals to save the life of the man who, miniaturized in a secret experiment, was accidentally injected into him."
"A friendship with a top-secret robot turns a lonely girl's life into a thrilling adventure as they take on bullies, evil bots and a scheming madman."
"When the Earth is threatened by a burning Van Allen Radiation Belt, U.S. Navy Admiral Harriman Nelson plans to shoot a nuclear missile at the Belt, using his experimental atomic submarine, the Seaview."
"During the Cold War, an organization called ""Patriot"" created a super-hero squad, which includes members of multiple Soviet republics. For years, the heroes had to hide their identities, but in hard times they must show themselves again."
A recently slain cop joins a team of undead police officers working for the Rest in Peace Department and tries to find the man who murdered him.
Bloodthirsty creatures await a pack of divers who become trapped in an underwater cave network.
"Frankenstein's creature finds himself caught in an all-out, centuries old war between two immortal clans."
A former cop turned street-hustler accidentally uncovers a conspiracy in Los Angeles in 1999.
A couple who participated in a potent medical experiment gain telekinetic ability and then have a child who is pyrokinetic.
"The Turtles and the Shredder battle once again, this time for the last canister of the ooze that created the Turtles, with which Shredder wants to unleash an army of new mutants."
"When strange anomalies start to appear all over England, Professor Cutter and his team must track down and capture all sorts of dangerous prehistoric creatures from Earth's distant past and near future."
"Superman finds a foe who may be too powerful even for him to defeat in the murderous Black Adam. Fortunately, Black Adam's real target is the Earth's Mightiest Mortal--Captain Marvel."
"A group of heavily armed hijackers board a luxury ocean liner in the South Pacific Ocean to loot it, only to do battle with a series of large-sized, tentacled, man-eating sea creatures who had already invaded the ship."
"The Swamp Thing returns to battle the evil Dr. Arcane, who has a new science lab full of creatures transformed by genetic mutation, and chooses Heather Locklear as his new object of ..."
"Kung Lao has triumphed in the Mortal Kombat tournament, defeating Shang Tsung and saving Earth Realm. Now, he must train a new generation of warriors for the next tournament."
A desperate young man possessing special powers clashes with a militarized police force after committing a petty crime.
Five teenagers become the last line of defense for the galaxy in an intergalactic battle against the evil alien force led by King Zarkon.
The big thing in 2005 is a violent sport which can have some pretty serious consequences... like dying.
A high school cheerleader and her accident-prone best friend balance their duties as global crime-fighters with the typical challenges of adolescence.
"Warring Alien and Predator races descend on a rural Colorado town, where unsuspecting residents must band together for any chance of survival."
"In Moscow, five young people lead the charge against an alien race who have attacked Earth via our power supply."
"A small group of town residents have to band together after a devastating ground invasion. As they struggle to survive, they realize they must stay one step ahead of their attackers, and work together for a chance to strike back."
A specially trained squad of guinea pigs is dispatched to stop a diabolical billionaire from taking over the world.
Young Catherine Langford embarks on an unexpected adventure to unlock the mystery of what lies beyond the Stargate in order to save the Earth from darkness.
A young man working at a small town junkyard discovers and befriends a creature which feeds on oil being sought by a fracking company.
"When the crew of the Enterprise learn of a Federation conspiracy against the inhabitants of a unique planet, Captain Picard begins an open rebellion."
"After a dark force conquers Canterlot, the Mane 6 embark on an unforgettable journey beyond Equestria where they meet new friends and exciting challenges on a quest to use the magic of friendship to save their homeland."
"After a failed mission to Mars, A.I./ARTI is now used for the 2036 mission with a few human supervisors. A monolith of unknown origin is found there. It will have a big effect on Earth."
"Evolved humans with amazing abilities (Teleportation, Telekinesis, Telepathy) are being hunted down by agents of Ultra."
A stoner - who is in fact a government agent - is marked as a liability and targeted for extermination. But he's too well-trained and too high for them to handle.
Follows the perilous journey of a rebellious young soldier who discovers he's the unlikely savior of humanity.
"The Man of Steel crusades for nuclear disarmament and meets Lex Luthor's latest creation, Nuclear Man."
A Las Vegas cabbie enlists the help of a UFO expert to protect two siblings with paranormal powers from the clutches of an organization that wants to use the kids for their nefarious plans.
"During the Second American Civil War in 2017, Barb Wire owns a nightclub called the Hammerhead. Things become complicated when her ex-lover Axel Hood, who is married to the fugitive Corrina Devonshire, re-enters her life."
A Special Forces Agent is assigned to protect a scientist and his creation from a sinister gang.
A group of archaeologists become trapped in the past when they go there to retrieve a friend. The group must survive in 14th century France before they can escape back to the 21st Century.
A young man with spider-like abilities fights crime as a superhero in New York City while trying to have a normal personal life.
"With the help of long presumed dead Captain Kirk, Captain Picard must stop a renegade scientist willing to murder on a planetary scale in order to enter a space matrix."
"Dragon Ball tells the tale of a young warrior by the name of Son Goku, a young peculiar boy with a tail who embarks on a quest to become stronger and learns of the Dragon Balls, when, once all 7 are gathered, grant any wish of choice."
"After New York City receives a series of attacks from giant flying robots, a reporter teams up with a pilot in search of their origin, as well as the reason for the disappearances of famous scientists around the world."
"After being brutally murdered in a subway station, a teen boy awakens to find himself resurrected by a strange computer named Gantz, and forced to fight a large force of invading aliens in Osaka."
"Nine noble families fight for control over the mythical lands of Westeros, while an ancient enemy returns after being dormant for thousands of years."
"Decades after their 1984 All Valley Karate Tournament bout, a middle-aged Daniel LaRusso and Johnny Lawrence find themselves martial-arts rivals again."
A mother searches for her daughter after civilization collapses due to a Zombie outbreak.
"Vikings transports us to the brutal and mysterious world of Ragnar Lothbrok, a Viking warrior and farmer who yearns to explore - and raid - the distant shores across the ocean."
"Hobbs has Dominic and Brian reassemble their crew to take down a team of mercenaries: Dominic unexpectedly gets convoluted also facing his presumed deceased girlfriend, Letty."
"A disbanded group of superheroes reunites after their adoptive father, who trained them to save the world, dies."
"The cases of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service's Washington, D.C. Major Case Response Team, led by Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs."
"A sixteen-year-old girl who was raised by her father to be the perfect assassin is dispatched on a mission across Europe, tracked by a ruthless intelligence agent and her operatives."
A mighty warrior and a young boy search for enlightenment in a ruthless territory controlled by feudal barons.
A police detective reconnects with people from an undercover assignment in her distant past in order to make peace.
"Super-Assassin John Wick is on the run after killing a member of the international assassin's guild, and with a $14 million price tag on his head - he is the target of hit men and women everywhere."
"Loyalties are tested when five former special forces operatives reunite to steal a drug lord's fortune, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences."
A grieving snowplow driver seeks out revenge against the drug dealers who killed his son. Based on the 2014 Norwegian film 'In Order of Disappearance'.
"When Hiccup discovers Toothless isn't the only Night Fury, he must seek ""The Hidden World"", a secret Dragon Utopia before a hired tyrant named Grimmel finds it first."
"Explores the high-pressure experiences of the first responders who are thrust into the most frightening, shocking and heart-stopping situations."
Jane Doe is found in Times Square with no memory and mysterious tattoos on her body.
A look at the final days of the Knights Templar during the 14th century.
"When the menace known as The Joker emerges from his mysterious past, he wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham. The Dark Knight must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice."
"As Alfred the Great defends his kingdom from Norse invaders, Uhtred - born a Saxon but raised by Vikings - seeks to claim his ancestral birthright."
"Follows District 21 of the Chicago Police Department, which is made up of two distinctly different groups: the uniformed cops and the Intelligence Unit."
"After splitting with the Joker, Harley Quinn joins superheroes Black Canary, Huntress and Renee Montoya to save a young girl from an evil crime lord."
"The lives of the elite Navy S.E.A.L.s as they train, plan and execute the most dangerous, high-stakes missions our country can ask."
A band of kids embark on an epic quest to thwart a medieval menace.
"Once two overzealous cops get suspended from the force, they must delve into the criminal underworld to get their proper compensation."
"When Dr. Jane Foster gets cursed with a powerful entity known as the Aether, Thor is heralded of the cosmic event known as the Convergence and the genocidal Dark Elves."
"After her mother disappears, Clary must venture into the dark world of demon hunting, and embrace her new role among the Shadowhunters."
"An FBI agent and his new partner, a CIA operative, embark on missions to save the world, but have to put up with each other first."
"It's been five years since everything was awesome and the citizens are facing a huge new threat: Lego Duplo invaders from outer space, wrecking everything faster than they can rebuild."
Drama set in the 1940s during the partition of India.
"Due to a political conspiracy, an innocent man is sent to death row and his only hope is his brother, who makes it his mission to deliberately get himself sent to the same prison in order to break the both of them out, from the inside."
"Steve McGarrett returns home to Oahu, in order to find his father's killer. The Governor offers him the chance to run his own task force (Five-0)."
"Jack Ryan, as a young covert C.I.A. analyst, uncovers a Russian plot to crash the U.S. economy with a terrorist attack."
"The Naval Criminal Investigation Service's Office of Special Projects takes on the undercover work and the hard to crack cases in LA. Key agents are G. Callen and Sam Hanna, streets kids risen through the ranks."
"A New York cop and his wife go on a European vacation to reinvigorate the spark in their marriage, but end up getting framed and on the run for the death of an elderly billionaire."
"The sequel to the 1991 hit, follows an investigator with the Chicago F.D., who has to track down an arms dealers who use deadly fires as a distraction."
"The life of Spartacus, the gladiator who lead a rebellion against the Romans. From his time as an ally of the Romans, to his betrayal and becoming a gladiator, to the rebellion he leads and its ultimate outcome."
"The story of firefighters in Chicago, both on a personal and professional level."
A low-level Cabinet member becomes President of the United States after a catastrophic attack kills everyone above him in the line of succession.
"The world's top assassin, Duncan Vizla, is settling into retirement when his former employer marks him as a liability to the firm. Against his will, he finds himself back in the game going head to head with an army of younger killers."
"The story of Easy Company of the U.S. Army 101st Airborne Division, and their mission in World War II Europe, from Operation Overlord, through V-J Day."
"A young woman, destined to slay vampires, demons and other infernal creatures, deals with her life fighting evil, with the help of her friends."
Follows the men and women of a Seattle firehouse.
"Devoted lifeguard Mitch Buchannon butts heads with a brash new recruit, as they uncover a criminal plot that threatens the future of the bay."
"Follows the actions of Section 20, a secretive unit of British military intelligence. A team of special operations personnel conduct several high risk missions across the globe."
"An imprisoned drug kingpin offers a huge cash reward to anyone that can break him out of police custody, and only the L.A.P.D.'s Special Weapons and Tactics team can prevent it."
"After being coerced into working for a crime boss, a young getaway driver finds himself taking part in a heist doomed to fail."
The adventures of a secret Agent armed with almost infinite scientific resourcefulness.
Two newly paired cops who are complete opposites must put aside their differences in order to catch a gang of drug smugglers.
"Ballerina Dominika Egorova is recruited to 'Sparrow School,' a Russian intelligence service where she is forced to use her body as a weapon. Her first mission, targeting a C.I.A. agent, threatens to unravel the security of both nations."
"Old-school U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens is reassigned from Miami to his childhood home in the poor, rural coal mining towns in eastern Kentucky."
"What happens when a man who believes he has retired from MI6 is called back to do one more job to regain his life, only to discover that this job may mean he has no life to go back to."
An average high school student and his best friend get caught up in some trouble causing him to receive a werewolf bite. As a result they find themselves in the middle of all sorts of dramas in Beacon Hills.
"As students at the United States Navy's elite fighter weapons school compete to be best in the class, one daring young pilot learns a few things from a civilian instructor that are not taught in the classroom."
"The drug war on the U.S.-Mexico border has escalated as the cartels have begun trafficking terrorists across the US border. To fight the war, federal agent Matt Graver re-teams with the mercurial Alejandro."
"Mathilda, a 12-year-old girl, is reluctantly taken in by Léon, a professional assassin, after her family is murdered. Léon and Mathilda form an unusual relationship, as she becomes his protégée and learns the assassin's trade."
"Robbed of his birthright, Arthur comes up the hard way in the back alleys of the city. But once he pulls the sword from the stone, he is forced to acknowledge his true legacy - whether he likes it or not."
"An ex-con assumes the identity of a murdered sheriff in the small town of Banshee, Pennsylvania, where he has some unfinished business."
"Allied soldiers from Belgium, the British Empire, and France are surrounded by the German Army, and evacuated during a fierce battle in World War II."
"After his hometown is destroyed and his mother is killed, young Eren Yeager vows to cleanse the earth of the giant humanoid Titans that have brought humanity to the brink of extinction."
"The defiant leader Moses rises up against Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses II, setting six hundred thousand slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues."
"In 33 AD, a Roman Tribune in Judea is tasked to find the missing body of Jesus Christ, who rose from the dead."
"A coming-of-age story set against the backdrop of late 1980s counterculture, which follows a disillusioned teen recruited into a storied high school for assassins."
A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank.
A tale of war and romance mixed in with history. The story follows two lifelong friends and a beautiful nurse who are caught up in the horror of an infamous Sunday morning in 1941.
"Jack Bauer, Director of Field Ops for the Counter-Terrorist Unit of Los Angeles, races against the clock to subvert terrorist plots and save his nation from ultimate disaster."
A down-to-earth account of the lives of both illustrious and ordinary Romans set in the last days of the Roman Republic.
A frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s fights for survival after being mauled by a bear and left for dead by members of his own hunting team.
"In 1971, along the border region of Longewala, a small battalion of Indian soldiers goes up against a large Pakistani strike force."
"Walt Longmire is the dedicated and unflappable sheriff of Absaroka County, Wyoming. Widowed only a year, he is a man in psychic repair but buries his pain behind his brave face, unassuming grin and dry wit."
Lucas Snow was buried alive and has lost 3 days of his life. His best friend is murdered and the two top crime bosses are hunting him down as well as the police. Will he find out who set him up?
The plot is unknown at this time.
"The film follows the 2000 K-141 Kursk submarine disaster and the governmental negligence that followed. As the sailors fight for survival, their families desperately battle political obstacles and impossible odds to save them."
"The Driver now carries an arrogant rock star who is visiting a major city (not Pittsburgh as earlier believed). Played by Madonna, this title character wants to get away from her bodyguards..."
"A link in their pasts leads an honest cop to a fugitive gang boss, whose cryptic warning spurs the officer on a quest to save Mumbai from cataclysm."
"When Robert Langdon wakes up in an Italian hospital with amnesia, he teams up with Dr. Sienna Brooks, and together they must race across Europe against the clock to foil a deadly global plot."
"A true story of survival, as a young couple's chance encounter leads them first to love, and then on the adventure of a lifetime as they face one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history."
An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico.
"Balian of Ibelin travels to Jerusalem during the Crusades of the 12th century, and there he finds himself as the defender of the city and its people."
"Dr. Paul Kersey is an experienced trauma surgeon, a man who has spent his life saving lives. After an attack on his family, Paul embarks on his own mission for justice."
"Based on H.G. Bissinger's book, which profiled the economically depressed town of Odessa, Texas and their heroic high school football team, The Permian High Panthers."
This is a survival story - a Hemingway's 'Old Man and the Sea' as if written for our days.
A true David vs. Goliath story of how the 14th century Scottish 'Outlaw King' Robert the Bruce used cunning and bravery to defeat the much larger and better equipped occupying English army.
"A nightclub bouncer in his fifties who's taken punches, literally and figuratively, struggles to raise his 8-year-old daughter."
A divorced father and his ex-con older brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family's ranch in West Texas.
"Five years after her husband and daughter are killed in a senseless act of violence, a woman comes back from self-imposed exile to seek revenge against those responsible and the system that let them go free."
"Navy S.E.A.L. sniper Chris Kyle's pinpoint accuracy saves countless lives on the battlefield and turns him into a legend. Back home to his wife and kids after four tours of duty, however, Chris finds that it is the war he can't leave behind."
"The vampire Angel, cursed with a soul, moves to Los Angeles and aids people with supernatural-related problems while questing for his own redemption."
"After being kidnapped and imprisoned for fifteen years, Oh Dae-Su is released, only to find that he must find his captor in five days."
"A successful lawman's plans to retire anonymously in Tombstone, Arizona, are disrupted by the kind of outlaws he was famous for eliminating."
"In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California, a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey with his ex-wife across the state in order to rescue his daughter."
"Dr. Richard Kimble, unjustly accused of murdering his wife, must find the real killer while being the target of a nationwide manhunt led by a seasoned U.S. Marshal."
"The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office."
Teresa flees Mexico after her drug-runner boyfriend is murdered. Settling in Dallas she looks to become the country's reigning drug smuggler and to avenge her lover's murder.
"Homicide detective John Hobbes witnesses the execution of serial killer Edgar Reese. Soon after the execution the killings start again, and they are very similar to Reese's style."
"A grizzled tank commander makes tough decisions as he and his crew fight their way across Germany in April, 1945."
"In a twist to the fairy tale, the Huntsman ordered to take Snow White into the woods to be killed winds up becoming her protector and mentor in a quest to vanquish the Evil Queen."
An eccentric genius forms an international network of super-geniuses to act as the last line of defense against the complicated threats of the modern world.
"12 Strong tells the story of the first Special Forces team deployed to Afghanistan after 9/11; under the leadership of a new captain, the team must work with an Afghan warlord to take down the Taliban."
"Bonnie Parker, a bored waitress falls in love with an ex-con named Clyde Barrow and together they start a violent crime spree through the country, stealing cars and robbing banks."
A former boxer-turned-drug runner lands in a prison battleground after a deal gets deadly.
Noah is chosen by God to undertake a momentous mission before an apocalyptic flood cleanses the world.
The notorious monster hunter is sent to Transylvania to stop Count Dracula who is using Dr. Frankenstein's research and a werewolf for some sinister purpose.
"Based on the true story of the Granite Mountain Hotshots, a group of elite firefighters who risk everything to protect a town from a historic wildfire."
Teresa Mendoza returns to Mexico after 8 years to fight with Mexican drug dealers.
"When a multimillionaire man's son is kidnapped, he cooperates with the police at first but then turns the tables on the kidnappers when he uses the ransom money as a reward for the capture of the kidnappers."
"As the Mayan kingdom faces its decline, a young man is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression."
"Mei, a young girl whose memory holds a priceless numerical code, finds herself pursued by the Triads, the Russian mob, and corrupt NYC cops. Coming to her aid is an ex-cage fighter whose life was destroyed by the gangsters on Mei's trail."
"A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the President. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, he goes on the run to find the real killer and the reason he was set up."
"Two Chicago firefighter brothers, who don't get along, have to work together while a dangerous arsonist is on the loose."
"A religious historical dramatic miniseries about God's creation and physical landmark events leading up to the Crucifixion and Resurrection of our Savior, Jesus Christ."
"The cases of the Miami-Dade, Florida police department's Crime Scene Investigations unit."
"Tarzan, having acclimated to life in London, is called back to his former home in the jungle to investigate the activities at a mining encampment."
A successful cocaine dealer gets two tough assignments from his boss on the eve of his planned early retirement.
"During an attack on a U.S. compound in Libya, a security team struggles to make sense out of the chaos."
The adventures of a Hawaii based private investigator.
"A slave-turned-gladiator finds himself in a race against time to save his true love, who has been betrothed to a corrupt Roman Senator. As Mount Vesuvius erupts, he must fight to save his beloved as Pompeii crumbles around him."
A demystified take on the tale of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table.
"In 43 AD, the Roman Army returns to crush the Celtic heart of Britannia."
An ex-con on the run from his criminal past hides out from those he ratted on by chaperoning a field trip to New Orleans.
"The story of New Zealand's Robert ""Rob"" Edwin Hall, who on May 10, 1996, together with Scott Fischer, teamed up on a joint expedition to ascend Mount Everest."
"Ostracised villain John Kreese attempts to gain revenge on Daniel and Miyagi, with the help of a Vietnam War comrade, the wealthy owner of a toxic waste disposal business."
"A young man, falsely imprisoned by his jealous ""friend"", escapes and uses a hidden treasure to exact his revenge."
"Following Wyatt Earp's great great-granddaughter as she battles demons and other creatures. With her unique abilities and a posse of dysfunctional allies, she's the only thing that can bring the paranormal to justice."
"A group of librarians sets off on adventures in an effort to save mysterious, ancient artifacts."
"As his kingdom is being threatened by the Turks, young prince Vlad Tepes must become a monster feared by his own people in order to obtain the power needed to protect his own family, and the families of his kingdom."
"Columbus, Tallahasse, Wichita, and Little Rock move to the American heartland as they face off against evolved zombies, fellow survivors, and the growing pains of the snarky makeshift family."
"Ash has spent the last thirty years avoiding responsibility, maturity, and the terrors of the Evil Dead until a Deadite plague threatens to destroy all of mankind and Ash becomes mankind's only hope."
"The enchanted lives of a couple in a secluded forest are brutally shattered by a nightmarish hippie cult and their demon-biker henchmen, propelling a man into a spiraling, surreal rampage of vengeance."
"The mythical world starts a rebellion against humanity in order to rule the Earth, so Hellboy (Ron Perlman) and his team must save the world from the rebellious creatures."
"Two criminals and their hostages unknowingly seek temporary refuge in a truck stop populated by vampires, with chaotic results."
"When her mother disappears, Clary Fray learns that she descends from a line of warriors who protect our world from demons. She joins forces with others like her and heads into a dangerous alternate New York called the Shadow World."
"An elite mercenary is killed, but comes back from Hell as a reluctant soldier of the Devil."
"Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees return to terrorize the teenage population. Except this time, they're out to get each other, too."
An illustrious British boarding school becomes a bloody battleground when a mysterious sinkhole appears at a nearby fracking site unleashing unspeakable horror.
"Vampire death dealer, Selene (Kate Beckinsale) fights to end the eternal war between the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her."
"Supernatural detective John Constantine helps a policewoman prove her sister's death was not a suicide, but something more."
Five sisters in 19th century England must cope with the pressures to marry while protecting themselves from a growing population of zombies.
"Hansel & Gretel are bounty hunters who track and kill witches all over the world. As the fabled Blood Moon approaches, the siblings encounter a new form of evil that might hold a secret to their past."
"In the Far East, Alex O'Connell, the son of famed mummy fighters Rick and Evy O'Connell, unearths the mummy of the first Emperor of Qin -- a shape-shifting entity cursed by a witch centuries ago."
A vampire hunter fights to save a besieged city from an army of otherworldly creatures controlled by Dracula.
A Texas Ranger is in hot pursuit of the infamous Gecko brothers and their hostages. They all end up trapped in a desert bar secretly run by vampires and discover a vampire conspiracy.
"A ""National Geographic"" film crew is taken hostage by an insane hunter, who forces them along on his quest to capture the world's largest - and deadliest - snake."
"Three scouts, on the eve of their last camp-out, discover the true meaning of friendship when they attempt to save their town from a zombie outbreak."
"Four young men who belong to a New England supernatural legacy are forced to battle a fifth power long thought to have died out. Meanwhile, jealousy and suspicion threaten to tear them apart."
"Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States, discovers vampires are planning to take over the United States. He makes it his mission to eliminate them."
"After a deadly viral outbreak, an elite squad of special forces soldiers must infiltrate a quarantine zone to rescue a scientist who holds the only cure to save mankind."
Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez's homage to exploitation double features in the 60s and 70s with two back-to-back cult films that include previews of coming attractions between them.
A secret agent exacts revenge on a serial killer through a series of captures and releases.
"After an experimental bio-weapon is released, turning thousands into zombie-like creatures, it's up to a rag-tag group of survivors to stop the infected and those behind its release."
"Rose Hathaway is a Dhampir, half human-half vampire, a guardian of the Moroi, peaceful, mortal vampires living discreetly within our world. Her calling is to protect the Moroi from bloodthirsty, immortal Vampires, the Strigoi."
"Set in Middle America, a group of teens receive an online invitation for sex, though they soon encounter fundamentalists with a much more sinister agenda."
"Set during the time of the first outbreak of bubonic plague in England, a young monk is given the task of learning the truth about reports of people being brought back to life in a small village."
"A Tokyo college student is attacked by a ghoul, a superpowered human who feeds on human flesh. He survives, but has become part ghoul and becomes a fugitive on the run."
"After losing his parents, a priest travels to China, where he inherits a mysterious ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. At first horrified by this new power, a hooker convinces him to use it to fight crime. And ninjas."
"After an Alaskan town is plunged into darkness for a month, it is attacked by a bloodthirsty gang of vampires."
An employee at a weapons factory discovers that an energy drink turns his co-workers into zombies
"A man who escapes from the vicious grips of the serial killer known as ""The Collector"" is then forced to help rescue an innocent girl from the killer's booby-trapped lair."
A routine military exercise turns into a nightmare in the Scotland wilderness.
"In a twisted social experiment, eighty Americans are locked in their high-rise corporate office in Bogotá, Colombia, and ordered by an unknown voice coming from the company's intercom system to participate in a deadly game of kill or be killed."
A small-town farmer's son reluctantly joins a traveling group of vampires after he is bitten by a beautiful drifter.
"A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence."
"Three people attempt to stop a gigantic crocodile, who is terrorizing residents in Black Lake, Maine."
"At the end of the century, Satan visits New York in search of a bride. It's up to an ex-cop who now runs an elite security outfit to stop him."
Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a legendary man-hunter to battle with an ancient evil presence that is threatening their major party plans.
Sequel to the 2016 South Korean zombie film.
"Guts is a skilled swordsman who joins forces with a mercenary group named 'The Band of the Hawk', lead by the charismatic Griffith, and fights with them as they battle their way into the royal court."
A young group of monster fanatics attempt to save their hometown from Count Dracula and his monsters.
"A mysterious virus has killed billions and turned many others into bloodthirsty zombies. Unable to stop the virus, the government develops a video game, ""Dead Trigger,"" that mirrors the terrifying events that curse the world."
A man in a deadly situation recounts how he got there. One shot at a time.
A business commuter is pursued and terrorized by the malevolent driver of a massive tractor-trailer.
"In the eighteenth century, a vampire escapes from the freak show, in which she once participated, and teams up with a group of vampire slayers to kill the man who raped her mother."
"In 18th century France, the Chevalier de Fronsac and his native American friend Mani are sent by the King to the Gevaudan province to investigate the killings of hundreds by a mysterious beast."
A private investigator must unravel the murder of her uncle while keeping the secret that she is a descendant from a line of werewolves.
Sheriff Dan Tashtego and a team of creeper hunters enlist the help of officer Davis Tubbs to help stop the monster's eating spree.
A woman is convinced her kidnapper has returned when her sister goes missing.
"When human forces discover the existence of the Vampire and Lycan clans, a war to eradicate both species commences. The vampire warrior Selene leads the battle against humankind."
Live-action role players conjure up a demon from Hell by mistake and they must deal with the consequences.
"A horde of mutated birds descends upon the quiet town of Half Moon Bay, California. With the death toll rising, Two citizens manage to fight back, but will they survive Birdemic?"
"When a freak hurricane swamps Los Angeles, nature's deadliest killer rules sea, land, and air as thousands of sharks terrorize the waterlogged populace."
Four men who form a neighborhood watch group as a way to get out of their day-to-day family routines find themselves defending the Earth from an alien invasion.
"In an alternative Victorian Age Gotham City, Batman begins his war on crime while he investigates a new series of murders by Jack the Ripper."
A young boy and a bunch of misfit friends embark on a quest to find a dark magic item of ultimate power before a diabolical tyrant can.
"The angel Gabriel comes to Earth to collect a soul which will end the stalemated war in Heaven, and only a former priest and a little girl can stop him."
"After risking her life to expose the corruption of the thinning test, Laina Michaels becomes the target of Governor Redding's Machiavellian presidential campaign. Blake Redding, trapped and..."
"Demons invade humanity after being frozen in ice for millions of years. Akira, a timid boy, is tasked by his friend Ryo to merge with one of these demons in order to be able to fight back against them for the sake of humanity."
"Recovering from an ambush that killed his entire team, a vengeful vampire slayer must retrieve an ancient Catholic relic that, should it be acquired by vampires, will allow them to walk in sunlight."
"A brilliant billionaire named Carl Durant is experimenting on bull sharks, which soon rebel to cause havoc for a group of scientists."
Detective Jackson Briggs recruits the assassin Hanzo Hasachi into an undercover mission - enter an illegal tournament and eliminate all its criminal participants.
"A mysterious virus hits an isolated elementary school, transforming the kids into a feral swarm of mass savages. An unlikely hero must lead a motley band of teachers in the fight of their lives."
"One year after the events of Arkham City, Gotham City has found itself in a state of complete disarray. While newly appointed mayor, Quincy Sharp, seeks to capture the remaining inmates of ..."
A group of National Guard trainees find themselves battling against a vicious group of mutants on their last day of training in the desert.
A boy is trying to find out about his family history and stumbles upon a town of lycans.
"A group of college students travels to a mysterious island to attend a rave, which is soon taken over by bloodthirsty zombies."
"A scientific expedition sets out for Borneo to seek a flower called the Blood Orchid, which could grant longer life. Meanwhile, they run afoul of snakes and each other."
"The new sequel finds Burt Gummer, who's dying from Graboid poison, and his son Travis at a remote research station in Canada's Nunavut Territory, where they must go up against a new batch of Graboids to save Burt's life."
"Set in the future in a time of interplanetary colonization, an unlikely pair race against an impending global crisis and are confronted by the monsters that live inside us all."
"A group of veterans wake up after a night of partying to find out that the zombie apocalypse has spread across the United States. Together, they must fight their way across the country in ..."
"When a mysterious cell phone signal causes apocalyptic chaos, an artist is determined to reunite with his young son in New England."
"Seeking revenge, officer Angel Wolfe, her Native American friend Whitestar, and outlaw Heather infiltrate a fortified island where an undead wizard and his evil cult force captured women to take part in gladiatorial tournaments."
Two piranha/anaconda hybrid creatures hunt down the scientist who stole their egg and a film crew; making a slasher film in the jungle.
"In a post-apocalyptic wasteland in 1997, a comic book fan adopts the persona of his favourite hero to save his enthusiastic friend and fight a tyrannical overlord."
A group of very peculiar robbers assault the Factory of Moneda and Timbre to carry out the most perfect robbery in the history of Spain and take home 2.4 billion euros.
"Detective Sherlock Holmes is on the trail of criminal mastermind Professor Moriarty, who is carrying out a string of random crimes across Europe."
A group of friends who meet regularly for game nights find themselves entangled in a real-life mystery when the shady brother of one of them is seemingly kidnapped by dangerous gangsters.
"When the puppet cast of a '90s children's TV show begin to get murdered one by one, a disgraced LAPD detective-turned-private eye puppet takes on the case."
Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England.
An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents.
A skilled London police officer is transferred to a small town with a dark secret.
"The Four Horsemen resurface, and are forcibly recruited by a tech genius to pull off their most impossible heist yet."
An Insurance Salesman/Ex-Cop is caught up in a criminal conspiracy during his daily commute home.
"In 1970s Los Angeles, a mismatched pair of private eyes investigate a missing girl and the mysterious death of a porn star."
"A man is picked up by a fishing boat, bullet-riddled and suffering from amnesia, before racing to elude assassins and attempting to regain his memory."
A pair of underachieving cops are sent back to a local high school to blend in and bring down a synthetic drug ring.
A spy recently disavowed by the U.S. government uses his special ops training to help others in trouble.
Seattle cop Lon McQ investigates the murder of his best friend and the corruption within the police department.
"A high school senior finds herself immersed in an online game of truth or dare, where her every move starts to become manipulated by an anonymous community of ""watchers."""
"Based on the 1980s TV action/drama, this update focuses on vice detectives Crockett and Tubbs as their respective personal and professional lives become dangerously intertwined."
A historian races to find the legendary Templar Treasure before a team of mercenaries.
"When Jason Bourne is framed for a CIA operation gone awry, he is forced to resume his former life as a trained assassin to survive."
C.S.I. head Detective Mac Taylor and his team solve crimes in New York City.
"Fresh out of the farm, Annie Walker must adapt to the challenging life of a CIA operative under the guidance of her handler, Auggie. But soon she realizes her recruit might have to do with her last boyfriend rather than her talent."
"A rookie officer is teamed with a hardened pro at the California Highway Patrol, though the newbie soon learns his partner is really an undercover Fed investigating a heist that may involve some crooked cops."
"A murder mystery brings together a private eye, a struggling actress, and a thief masquerading as an actor."
A CIA interrogator is lured into a ruse that puts London at risk of a biological attack.
Jason Bourne dodges a ruthless C.I.A. official and his Agents from a new assassination program while searching for the origins of his life as a trained killer.
"An all guts, no glory San Francisco cop becomes determined to find the underworld kingpin that killed the witness in his protection."
A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction.
Intrepid reporter Tintin and Captain Haddock set off on a treasure hunt for a sunken ship commanded by Haddock's ancestor.
A bank executive receives an anonymous phone call informing him he has just a few hours to obtain a large amount of money or a bomb under his seat will explode.
"Two down-on-their-luck guys decide to fake their own deaths and start over with new identities, only to find the people they're pretending to be are in even deeper trouble."
The globe-trotting adventures of amateur detectives Jonathan and Jennifer Hart.
A secret Service agent and a news reporter investigate the conspiracy behind the assassination of the President.
When their adopted mother is gunned down in a store robbery the 'four brothers' investigated the murder for themselves & look for the killers but not all is what it seems.
"Libby Day was only eight years old when her family was brutally murdered in their rural Kansas farmhouse. Almost thirty years later, she reluctantly agrees to revisit the crime and uncovers the wrenching truths that led up to that tragic night."
An Interpol agent attempts to expose a high-profile financial institution's role in an international arms dealing ring.
"Rick Hunter is a renegade cop who breaks the rules and takes justice into his own hands. Partnered with the equally stunning and rebellious Sgt. McCall, the tough-minded duo set out to crack down on L.A.'s slimiest criminals."
"In a small Korean province in 1986, three detectives struggle with the case of multiple young women being found raped and murdered by an unknown culprit."
"Lone-wolf detective Angie Tribeca and a squad of committed LAPD detectives investigate the most serious cases, from the murder of a ventriloquist to a rash of baker suicides."
"An air marshal springs into action during a transatlantic flight after receiving a series of text messages demanding $150 million into an off-shore account, or someone will die every 20 minutes."
"A man believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and has dedicated himself to beginning a new, quiet life. But when he meets a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters, he can't stand idly by - he has to help her."
"A smart alecky San Francisco, California cop and his get rich quick scheme of a partner keep tabs on crime and take down the bad guys in the Bay Area."
Gambler Jake Green enters into a game with potentially deadly consequences.
A teenage loner pushes his way into the underworld of a high school crime ring to investigate the disappearance of his ex-girlfriend.
A coverup and witchhunt occur after a politician accidentally kills his mistress.
Benjamin Gates must follow a clue left in John Wilkes Booth's diary to prove his ancestor's innocence in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
A Witness Protection specialist becomes suspicious of his co-workers when dealing with a case involving high-tech weapons.
"Juggling angry Russians, the British Mi5, and an international terrorist, debonair art dealer and part-time rogue Charlie Mortdecai races to recover a stolen painting rumored to contain a code that leads to lost gold."
"Two streetwise cops bust criminals in their red-and-white Ford Torino, with the help of police snitch, Huggy Bear."
"A biography of Chinese Martial Arts Master Huo Yuanjia, who is the founder and spiritual guru of the Jin Wu Sports Federation."
"Mannix worked originally for Wickersham at Intertect and then struck out on his own, assisted by Peggy Fair (whose cop-husband had been killed) and Police Department contact Tobias."
"Thriller set in the world of Forensic Pathology. Coroner Paul Herzfeld finds a capsule in the head of a heavily mutilated corpse, containing a phone number and single word: the name of his daughter."
A lawyer becomes a target by a corrupt politician and his N.S.A. goons when he accidentally receives key evidence to a serious politically motivated crime.
"A man awakens from a coma, only to discover that someone has taken on his identity and that no one, (not even his wife), believes him. With the help of a young woman, he sets out to prove who he is."
"When a family is held hostage, former hostage negotiator Jeff Talley arrives at the scene. Talley's own family is kidnapped and Talley must decide which is more important: saving a family he doesn't even know or saving his own family."
"Dirty Harry Callahan must stop a sick secret contest to murder local celebrities, which includes himself as a target."
"Jerry and Rachel are two strangers thrown together by a mysterious phone call from a woman they have never met. Threatening their lives and family, she pushes Jerry and Rachel into a series of increasingly dangerous situations, using the technology of everyday life to track and control their every move."
The merciless 1970s rivalry between Formula One rivals James Hunt and Niki Lauda.
"Simon Templar (The Saint), is a thief for hire, whose latest job to steal the secret process for cold fusion puts him at odds with a traitor bent on toppling the Russian government, as well as the woman who holds its secret."
"In a desperate attempt to prove his innocence, a skilled police negotiator accused of corruption and murder takes hostages in a government office to gain the time he needs to find the truth."
A private detective specializing in missing children is charged with the task of finding a special child who dark forces want to eliminate.
"A bald, lollipop sucking police detective with a fiery righteous attitude battles crime in his city."
A dramatization of a 1923 horrific racist lynch mob attack on an African-American community.
Dirty Harry is on the trail of vigilante cops who are not above going beyond the law to kill the city's undesirables.
A woman suffering from amnesia begins to recover her memories after trouble from her past finds her again.
"When a bank is hit by a brutal heist, all evidence points to the owner and his high-powered clients. But as a group of FBI agents dig deeper into the case - and the deadly heists continue - it becomes clear that a larger conspiracy is at play."
"A bereaved woman and her daughter are flying home from Berlin to America. At 30,000 feet, the child vanishes, and nobody will admit she was ever on the plane."
"A U.S. Army officer, despondent about a deadly mistake he made, investigates a female chopper commander's worthiness for the Medal of Honor."
The series primarily focuses on the daily lives of Victorian police officers working at a police station in the fictional small town of Mount Thomas.
"A Special Agent is assigned to protect a wealthy business magnate. However, when the businessman is kidnapped in a daring ambush, he teams up with a seasoned detective to crack the case. But soon he discovers the case isn't that simple."
The adventures of the archaeological treasure hunter in his youth as related by an elderly Indiana Jones.
Jack Bauer comes out of hiding in London to head off a massive terrorist attack while being hunted down by American forces dispatched by President James Heller.
"A story of two brothers torn from each other. Now on the opposite sides of the law, brothers Sarp and Mert are put against each other, unaware of their fraternity."
A homicide detective is pushed to the brink of his moral and physical limits as he tangles with a ferociously skilled hired killer who specializes in torture and pain.
"A sniper on a mercenary assassination team, kills the minister of mines of the Congo. Terrier's successful kill shot forces him into hiding. Returning to the Congo years later, he becomes the target of a hit squad himself."
A short-term memory loss patient sets out on his journey to avenge the death of his beloved girl.
"Following the events of Avengers: Endgame, Spider-Man must step up to take on new threats in a world that has changed forever."
"In the dark, early days of a zombie apocalypse, complete strangers band together to find the strength they need to survive and get back to loved ones."
"Super-assassin John Wick is on the run after killing a member of the international assassin's guild, and with a $14 million price tag on his head - he is the target of hit men and women everywhere."
Rambo goes up against a Mexican cartel in what's reported to be his last adventure.
"Robert McCall serves an unflinching justice for the exploited and oppressed, but how far will he go when that is someone he loves?"
"Ethan Hunt and his IMF team, along with some familiar allies, race against time after a mission gone wrong."
A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O.
An ex-hit-man comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that killed his dog and took everything from him.
"An elite American intelligence officer, aided by a top-secret tactical command unit, tries to smuggle a mysterious police officer with sensitive information out of Indonesia."
"Eight years after the Joker's reign of anarchy, Batman, with the help of the enigmatic Catwoman, is forced from his exile to save Gotham City, now on the edge of total annihilation, from the brutal guerrilla terrorist Bane."
"A cryptic message from 007's past sends him pitted against a mysterious terrorist organization called Spectre, and learns of its involvement in previous events of his most dangerous missions."
"After returning to the criminal underworld to repay a debt, John Wick discovers that a large bounty has been put on his life."
A tough bouncer is hired to tame a dirty bar.
A homicide investigator digs deeper into a case involving a trained military sniper who shot five random victims.
"At an archaeological dig in the ancient city of Hamunaptra, an American serving in the French Foreign Legion accidentally awakens a mummy who begins to wreck havoc as he searches for the reincarnation of his long-lost love."
"Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she discovers the island where her father disappeared."
"An untested American submarine captain teams with U.S. Navy Seals to rescue the Russian president, who has been kidnapped by a rogue general."
A frustrated office worker learns that he is the son of a professional assassin and that he shares his father's superhuman killing abilities.
"A security expert must infiltrate a burning skyscraper, 225 stories above ground, when his family is trapped inside by criminals."
"Marcus Burnett is now a police inspector and Mike Lowery is in a midlife crisis. They unite again when an Albanian mercenary, whose brother they killed, promises them an important bonus."
"When a mysterious woman seduces Dom into the world of terrorism and a betrayal of those closest to him, the crew face trials that will test them as never before."
"Sam, a bodyguard and counter-terrorism expert, takes a job protecting a rich young heiress named Zoe. Neither party is keen on the arrangement until a violent kidnapping forces them to go on the run."
A hit contract is taken out on a billionaire's daughter who is intent on bringing down a major crime syndicate. A down and out team of mercenaries must take on a group of professional assassins and stop them before they kill their target.
"Barney augments his team with new blood for a personal battle: to take down Conrad Stonebanks, the Expendables co-founder and notorious arms trader who is hell bent on wiping out Barney and every single one of his associates."
"A spy organization recruits an unrefined, but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program, just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius."
"After awakening from a four-year coma, a former assassin wreaks vengeance on the team of assassins who betrayed her."
"Armed with a license to kill, Secret Agent James Bond sets out on his first mission as 007, and must defeat a private banker to terrorists in a high stakes game of poker at Casino Royale, Montenegro, but things are not what they seem."
"Bond's loyalty to M is tested when her past comes back to haunt her. When MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost."
Los Angeles police officer Brian O'Connor must decide where his loyalty really lies when he becomes enamored with the street racing world he has been sent undercover to destroy.
Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother.
A detective must work with an Orc to find a powerful wand before evil creatures do.
"While strange rumors about their ill king grip a kingdom, the crown prince becomes their only hope against a mysterious plague overtaking the land."
"The story of Barry Seal, an American pilot who became a drug-runner for the CIA in the 1980s in a clandestine operation that would be exposed as the Iran-Contra Affair."
James Bond descends into mystery as he tries to stop a mysterious organization from eliminating a country's most valuable resource.
"Jack Reacher must uncover the truth behind a major government conspiracy in order to clear his name. On the run as a fugitive from the law, Reacher uncovers a potential secret from his past that could change his life forever."
"Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet, eradicating the Syndicate - an International rogue organization as highly skilled as they are, committed to destroying the IMF."
An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.
Retiring CIA agent Nathan Muir recalls his training of Tom Bishop while working against agency politics to free him from his Chinese captors.
The CIA's most dangerous former operative is drawn out of hiding to uncover more explosive truths about his past.
"Selene, a vampire warrior, is entrenched in a conflict between vampires and werewolves, while falling in love with Michael, a human who is sought by werewolves for unknown reasons."
An F.B.I. Agent goes undercover to catch a gang of surfers who may be bank robbers.
James Bond teams up with the lone survivor of a destroyed Russian research center to stop the hijacking of a nuclear space weapon by a fellow Agent formerly believed to be dead.
"The Bride continues her quest of vengeance against her former boss and lover Bill, the reclusive bouncer Budd, and the treacherous, one-eyed Elle."
"Two separate sets of voluptuous women are stalked at different times by a scarred stuntman who uses his ""death proof"" cars to execute his murderous plans."
"James Bond investigates the hijacking of British and Russian submarines carrying nuclear warheads, with the help of a K.G.B. Agent, whose lover he killed."
"A retired CIA agent travels across Europe and relies on his old skills to save his estranged daughter, who has been kidnapped while on a trip to Paris."
"The mummified body of Imhotep is shipped to a museum in London, where he once again wakes and begins his campaign of rage and terror."
Two hip detectives protect a witness to a murder while investigating a case of stolen heroin from the evidence storage room from their police precinct.
A recounting of Domino Harvey's life story. The daughter of actor Laurence Harvey turned away from her career as a Ford model to become a bounty hunter.
"In the near future, a charismatic leader summons the street gangs of New York City in a bid to take it over. When he is killed, The Warriors are falsely blamed and now must fight their way home while every other gang is hunting them down."
"Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what should be an easy paycheck, but when one of their men is murdered on the job, their quest for revenge puts them deep in enemy territory and up against an unexpected threat."
"After the death of his girlfriend at the hands of terrorists, Mitch Rapp is drawn into the world of counterterrorism, mentored by tough-as-nails former U.S. Navy S.E.A.L. Stan Hurley."
"After a malicious data hack exposes the secrets of the perpetually American town of Salem, chaos decends and four girls must fight to survive, while coping with the hack themselves."
"In November 1984, the Soviet Union's best submarine Captain in their newest sub violates orders and heads for the U.S. Is he trying to defect or to start a war?"
"Xander Cage is left for dead after an incident, though he secretly returns to action for a new, tough assignment with his handler Augustus Gibbons."
A teenager becomes a major competitor in the world of drift racing after moving in with his father in Tokyo to avoid a jail sentence in America.
"As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client, the Treasury Department closes in on his activities, and the body count starts to rise."
"A fearless, globe-trotting, terrorist-battling secret agent has his life turned upside down when he discovers his wife might be having an affair with a used car salesman while terrorists smuggle nuclear war heads into the United States."
"A dramatization of the disaster in April 2010, when the offshore drilling rig called the Deepwater Horizon exploded, resulting in the worst oil spill in American history."
The Coast Guard makes a daring rescue attempt off the coast of Cape Cod after a pair of oil tankers are destroyed during a blizzard in 1952.
"A young CIA analyst Joe Turner, whose idealism is tested when he joins the CIA hoping to reform it from within but stumbles onto a terrible but brilliant plan that threatens the lives of millions."
Retired C.I.A. Agent Frank Moses reunites his unlikely team of elite operatives for a global quest to track down a missing portable nuclear device.
"In 1942, a Canadian intelligence officer in North Africa encounters a female French Resistance fighter on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. When they reunite in London, their relationship is tested by the pressures of war."
"In Mexico City, a former assassin swears vengeance on those who committed an unspeakable act against the family he was hired to protect."
A woman fights to protect her family during a home invasion.
Hour long show which looks at the life of American super-secret operators.
A young police officer must prevent a bomb exploding aboard a city bus by keeping its speed above 50 mph.
"It's 1949 Los Angeles, the city is run by gangsters and a malicious mobster, Mickey Cohen. Determined to end the corruption, John O'Mara assembles a team of cops, ready to take down the ruthless leader and restore peace to the city."
"After escaping a set up, a dying hitman returns to his hometown of Galveston where he plans his revenge."
A group of divers find themselves in deep trouble with a drug lord after they come upon the illicit cargo of a sunken airplane.
Dominic Toretto and his crew of street racers plan a massive heist to buy their freedom while in the sights of a powerful Brazilian drug lord and a dangerous federal agent.
Secret Service Agent Mike Banning is framed for the attempted assassination of the President and must evade his own agency and the FBI as he tries to uncover the real threat.
"In ancient China, a group of European mercenaries encounters a secret army that maintains and defends the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures."
"When a terrorist escapes custody during a routine handover, Will Holloway must team with disgraced MI5 Intelligence Chief Harry Pearce to track him down before an imminent terrorist attack on London."
"James Bond is sent to investigate the connection between a North Korean terrorist and a diamond mogul, who is funding the development of an international space weapon."
A CIA agent on the ground in Jordan hunts down a powerful terrorist leader while being caught between the unclear intentions of his American supervisors and Jordan Intelligence.
"A humble businessman with a buried past seeks justice when his daughter is killed in an act of terrorism. A cat-and-mouse conflict ensues with a government official, whose past may hold clues to the killers' identities."
"James Bond uncovers a nuclear plot when he protects an oil heiress from her former kidnapper, an international terrorist who can't feel pain."
A splinter group of Roman soldiers fight for their lives behind enemy lines after their legion is devastated in a guerrilla attack.
A bored married couple is surprised to learn that they are both assassins hired by competing agencies to kill each other.
A resourceful British government agent seeks answers in a case involving the disappearance of a colleague and the disruption of the American space program.
"In the context of a visit by the President of the United States to Mexico, there is a threat that China will attack his life. Policeman Filiberto is commissioned to avoid it, at any cost. ..."
"A mild-mannered chemist and an ex-con must lead the counterstrike when a rogue group of military men, led by a renegade general, threaten a nerve gas attack from Alcatraz against San Francisco."
Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts.
An ex-Navy Seal turned cook is the only person who can stop a group of terrorists when they seize control of a U.S. battleship.
Newly paroled ex-con and former U.S. Ranger Cameron Poe finds himself trapped in a prisoner transport plane when the passengers seize control.
Agent 007 is assigned to hunt for a lost British encryption device and prevent it from falling into enemy hands.
"Healthcare professionals, government officials and everyday people find themselves in the midst of a worldwide epidemic as the CDC works to find a cure."
"Two hardened criminals get into trouble with the US border patrol after meeting with a Mexican drug lord, and then revelations start to unfold."
A rogue assassin returns to take down the secret organization that trained her.
Former cop Brian O'Conner is called upon to bust a dangerous criminal and he recruits the help of a former childhood friend and street racer who has a chance to redeem himself.
Two Irish Catholic brothers become vigilantes and wipe out Boston's criminal underworld in the name of God.
Two loose-cannon narcotics cops investigate the flow of Ecstasy into Florida from a Cuban drug cartel.
"Inspired by the true events of the 1976 hijacking of an Air France flight en route from Tel Aviv to Paris, and the most daring rescue mission ever attempted."
Agent 007 and the Japanese Secret Service ninja force must find and stop the true culprit of a series of spacejackings before nuclear war is provoked.
Video game adventurer Lara Croft comes to life in a movie where she races against time and villains to recover powerful ancient artifacts.
A S.W.A.T. team becomes trapped in a tenement run by a ruthless mobster and his army of killers and thugs.
"Disgraced Secret Service agent (and former presidential guard) Mike Banning finds himself trapped inside the White House in the wake of a terrorist attack; using his inside knowledge, Banning works with national security to rescue the President from his kidnappers."
"A recounting of a New England whaling ship's sinking by a giant whale in 1820, an experience that later inspired the great novel Moby-Dick."
James Bond heads to the Bahamas to recover two nuclear warheads stolen by S.P.E.C.T.R.E. Agent Emilio Largo in an international extortion scheme.
"Ito (Joe Taslim), a gangland enforcer, caught amidst a treacherous and violent insurrection within his Triad crime family upon his return home from a stint abroad."
John McClane and a young hacker join forces to take down master cyber-terrorist Thomas Gabriel in Washington D.C.
A new assignment forces a top spy to team up with his football hooligan brother.
IMF Agent Ethan Hunt comes into conflict with a dangerous and sadistic arms dealer who threatens his life and his fiancee in response.
"A group of friends join a guide for a trek into the Bolivian jungle, searching for an Indian village. The men soon realize that the jungle is a difficult place to be."
A vengeful father escapes from hell and chases after the men who killed his daughter and kidnapped his granddaughter.
"Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow-covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness."
"Elektra the warrior survives a near-death experience, becomes an assassin-for-hire, and tries to protect her two latest targets, a single father and his young daughter, from a group of supernatural assassins."
"After being betrayed and left for dead in Italy, Charlie Croker and his team plan an elaborate gold heist against their former ally."
A trio of bodybuilders in Florida get caught up in an extortion ring and a kidnapping scheme that goes terribly wrong.
James Bond heads to stop a media mogul's plan to induce war between China and the UK in order to obtain exclusive global media coverage.
"While investigating a gold magnate's smuggling, James Bond uncovers a plot to contaminate the Fort Knox gold reserve."
"In London, a real-estate scam puts millions of pounds up for grabs, attracting some of the city's scrappiest tough guys and its more established underworld types, all of whom are looking to get rich quick. While the city's seasoned criminals vie for the cash, an unexpected player -- a drugged-out rock 'n' roller presumed to be dead but very much alive -- has a multi-million-dollar prize fall into..."
"When CIA analyst Jack Ryan interferes with an IRA assassination, a renegade faction targets him and his family for revenge."
"A young thief (Antonio Banderas), seeking revenge for the death of his brother, is trained by the once great, but aged Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins), who also pursues vengeance of his own."
A cop with a connection to the criminal underworld scours a nightclub in search of his kidnapped son.
Six billionaires fake their own deaths and form an elite vigilante squad in order to take down notorious criminals.
"The leader of a drug cartel busts out of a courthouse and speeds to the Mexican border, where the only thing in his path is a sheriff and his inexperienced staff."
"A S.P.E.C.T.R.E. Agent has stolen two American nuclear warheads, and James Bond must find their targets before they are detonated."
"An accountant is chased by bounty hunters, the F.B.I., and the Mafia after jumping bail."
A politically sensitive murder forces two disparate detectives into a battle with the Berlin underworld and a confrontation with their own corruption.
"An expansion of the universe from Robert Ludlum's novels, centered on a new hero whose stakes have been triggered by the events of the previous three films."
"An imprisoned I.R.A. fighter is freed to help stop a brutal, seemingly ""faceless"" assassin from completing his next job."
"To protect his brother-in-law from a drug lord, a former smuggler heads to Panama to score millions of dollars in counterfeit bills."
"John McClane and a Harlem store owner are targeted by German terrorist Simon Gruber in New York City, where he plans to rob the Federal Reserve Building."
007 is sent to stop a diabolically brilliant heroin magnate armed with a complex organization and a reliable psychic tarot card reader.
"James Bond goes rogue and sets off to unleash vengeance on a drug lord who tortured his best friend, a C.I.A. Agent, and left him for dead and murdered his bride after he helped capture him."
"Naruto Uzumaki, an adolescent ninja, struggles as he searches for recognition and dreams of becoming the Hokage, the village's leader and strongest ninja."
"A retired Special Forces colonel tries to save his daughter, who was abducted by his former subordinate."
The human stories on both sides of the Israel-Palestine conflict.
"In London for the Prime Minister's funeral, Mike Banning is caught up in a plot to assassinate all the attending world leaders."
"Shot documentary-style, this film follows the daily grind of two young police officers in LA who are partners and friends, and what happens when they meet criminal forces greater than themselves."
"After deadly terrorists abduct his niece at a soccer match, an ex-soldier with lethal fighting skills wages a one-man war to save her and prevent mass destruction."
"After their plane crashes in Alaska, six oil workers are led by a skilled huntsman to survival, but a pack of merciless wolves haunts their every step."
"A desert warrior rises up against the evil army that is destroying his homeland. He captures the enemy's key sorcerer, takes her deep into the desert and prepares for a final showdown."
A shocking incident at a wedding procession ignites a series of events entangling the lives of two families in the lawless city of Mirzapur.
