"A Los Angeles male escort, who mostly caters to an older female clientèle, is accused of a murder which he did not commit."
A relaxing Christmas vacation turns into a terrifying fight for survival as the children begin to turn on their parents.
A police detective goes undercover in the underground S&M gay subculture of New York City to catch a serial killer who is preying on gay men.
"A mysterious blonde woman kills one of a psychiatrist's patients, and then goes after the high-class call girl who witnessed the murder."
"A group of camp counselors are stalked and murdered by an unknown assailant while trying to reopen a summer camp which, years before, was the site of a child's drowning."
"In the autumn of 1900, outlaw Claude Barbee puts his 'retirement plan' in action, attempting to lead his train-robbing gang across Texas to recover a cash stash hidden after a botched railroad heist."
"A woman's lover poisons her cruel husband, a rich businessman, in front of her. She becomes more terrified when she finds the lover dead as well. A police detective suddenly shows up at her door."
A new commanding officer arrives at a remote castle serving as an insane asylum for mentally ill and A.W.O.L. U.S. soldiers where he attempts to rehabilitate them by allowing them to live ...
Maxwell Smart is recalled to duty to help fight a villian who threatens to detonate a weapon that destroys clothing.
A murdered detective must avenge his murder after he is reincarnated as a dog.
"This spoof of the Sherlock Holmes stories finds Inspector Winship and Dr. Tart investigating a strange death in a possibly haunted mansion, while dealing with the beautiful heiress and the ..."
"Donna's senior prom is supposed to be the best night of her life, though a sadistic killer from her past has different plans for her and her friends."
"An advice columnist begins receiving threatening notes from an anonymous stalker. Meanwhile, members of her group therapy session are being murdered by an unknown assailant."
"When a family moves to a country home, the young girls experience strange happenings that have a link to an occult event years past."
A vulgar private detective is hired to find a missing groupie and is drawn into a mystery involving a series of murders tied to the music industry.
An ex-boxer is drifting around after escaping from the mental hospital. He meets a widow who convinces him to help fix up the neglected estate her ex-husband left. Her Uncle talks them both...
"Jack Cates once again enlists the aid of ex-con Reggie Hammond--this time, to take down The Iceman, a ruthless drug lord operating in the San Francisco bay area."
A psychologist treats an 8 year old boy who witnessed his father's murder but the child blocks out details that could help the police.
A small town sheriff (Tom Skerritt) has his suspicions in a murder case which involves a rogue cop who goes on a murder spree. Contains mild sexual situations and violence.
"In a violent and corrupt prison, decorated cop Louis Burke must infiltrate the jail to find answers to a number of inside murders. What he finds is a struggle of life and death tied in to his own past."
Twin sisters trade places with unexpected results.
A seeming good Samaritan (Debra Winger) hires a private detective (Nolte) to prove a teen sitting in prison on a murder charge is innocent. His investigation discovers deep corruption in a ...
"A police Lieutenant uncovers more than he bargained for as his investigation of a series of murders, which have all the hallmarks of the deceased Gemini serial killer, leads him to question the patients of a psychiatric ward."
"Vampish miss Dolan hires hardboiled P.I. Harry Dobbs to tail her shady boyfriend. Harry realizes that the man leads a double life but then his client disappears. Harry teams up with his own tail, P.I. Stella Wynkowski, to clear things up."
"There's a crisis in Rhymeland! All the Rhymies (the characters from Nursery Rhymes) are disappearing! Gordon Goose, son of Mother Goose, and Little Bo Peep set off to find them."
The legendary true-story of Capt. Richard Francis Burton and Lt. John Hanning Speke's tumultuous expedition to find the source of the Nile river.
"As a lawyer investigates the murder of a colleague, he finds himself more connected to the crime than anyone else."
Norman Bates recalls his childhood with his abusive mother while fearing his unborn child will inherit his split personality disorder.
"A Phoenix secretary embezzles forty thousand dollars from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother."
"NYPD detectives Shepard and Powell are working on a bizarre case of a ritualistic Aztec murder. Meanwhile, something big is attacking people of New York and only greedy small time crook Jimmy Quinn knows where its lair is."
"The R.A.S. agents, Miss Bianca and Bernard, race to Australia to save a little boy and a rare golden eagle from a murderous poacher."
An emotionally troubled young woman sets out to exact revenge against the people who wronged her father.
"Wealthy Sunny von Bülow lies brain-dead, husband Claus guilty of attempted murder; but he says he's innocent and hires Alan Dershowitz for his appeal."
New York sax player arrives on the island nation of Vanuatu to find his missing brother. He learns that his brother had teamed up with a powerful shady foreigner and his femme fatale wife to find some sort of treasure.
"American writer in Paris is hired to do a script for an edgy young director he can't stand. When he falls in love with the director's cold and manipulative pretty sister, his life starts to unravel and he realizes that he's been used."
"The sequel to Chinatown (1974) finds J.J. ""Jake"" Gittes investigating adultery and murder, and the money that comes from oil."
"A private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder."
"A young boy stumbles onto a witch convention and must stop them, even after he has been turned into a mouse."
Futuristic action about a man who meets a clone of himself and stumbles into a grand conspiracy about clones taking over the world.
"A group of tourists arrives in Burkittsville, Maryland after seeing The Blair Witch Project (1999) to explore the mythology and phenomenon, only to come face to face with their own neuroses and possibly the witch herself."
"Three film students vanish after traveling into a Maryland forest to film a documentary on the local Blair Witch legend, leaving only their footage behind."
"In the small town of Cherry Falls, a psychotic murderer is killing off the virgins of the local high school."
"When a woman drives a car into the river to her death, everyone in town becomes a suspect."
"An accidental cross-time radio link connects father and son across 30 years. The son tries to save his father's life, but then must fix the consequences."
A young married couple's lives are thrown into a harrowing tailspin when an acquaintance from the husband's past brings mysterious gifts and a horrifying secret to light after more than 20 years.
"Three college students base their class project around gossip and how fast it spreads, which soon spirals out of control."
"A mentally disturbed young woman takes a job at a posh country club and falls in with a clique of wealthy college kids where she's taken under the wing of the clique's twisted leader, who harbors some dark secrets too terrifying to tell."
"When a geeky, overweight rushee is found dead at the hottest sorority on the campus, the three most popular girls of the house are prime suspects."
"Inspired by the true events of the infamous 1983 prison breakout of 38 IRA prisoners from HMP, which was to become the biggest prison escape in Europe since World War II."
A man with short-term memory loss attempts to track down his wife's murderer.
"Tragi-comic, romantic whodunnit set in a run down hotel which plays host to mentally ill people too poor to afford medical insurance."
A psychological romantic thriller where fantasy and reality become indistinguishable for a woman leading a double life in her dreams.
"Spoof of 1960s Beach Party/Gidget surfing movies mixed with slasher horror films. Florence Forrest, a not-so-innocent girl in 1960s Malibu, becomes ""Chicklet"", the first girl surfer at ..."
"While Sidney and her friends visit the Hollywood set of Stab 3, the third film based on the Woodsboro murders, another Ghostface killer rises to terrorize them."
"Two years after the first series of murders, as Sydney acclimates to college life, someone donning the Ghostface costume begins a new string of killings."
Khosrow is a famous married singer involved with a troublesome affair and consequences of fame.
A man learns something extraordinary about himself after a devastating accident.
A film school is the center of a fresh spate of killings based on urban legends.
A college student suspects a series of bizarre deaths are connected to certain urban legends.
Two siblings become increasingly frightened by their grandparents' disturbing behavior while visiting them on vacation.
"A congressional candidate questions his sanity after seeing the love of his life, presumed dead, suddenly emerge."
"David Allen Griffin is a cool killer- time and time again, he chooses a female victim, studies her for weeks till he knows her routine to the smallest detail, makes meticulous preparations ..."
The wife of a university research scientist believes that her lakeside Vermont home is haunted by a ghost - or that she is losing her mind.
An adopted woman returns to her home country and the family home that she never knew and must face the mystery that lies there.
"Mr. David Marks was suspected but never tried for killing his wife Katie who disappeared in 1982, but the truth is eventually revealed."
Paul is a U.S. truck driver working in Iraq. After an attack by a group of Iraqis he wakes to find he is buried alive inside a coffin. With only a lighter and a cell phone it's a race against time to escape this claustrophobic death trap.
"A social worker fights to save a girl from her abusive parents, only to discover that the situation is more dangerous than she ever expected."
A group of people are trapped in an elevator and the Devil is mysteriously amongst them.
"As homicide detective Thomas Craven investigates the death of his activist daughter, he uncovers not only her secret life, but a corporate cover-up and government collusion that attracts an agent tasked with cleaning up the evidence."
"A movie spun out of equal parts folk tale, fable and real-life legend about the mysterious, 1930s Tennessee hermit who famously threw his own rollicking funeral party... while he was still alive."
"As Harry, Ron and Hermione race against time and evil to destroy the Horcruxes, they uncover the existence of the three most powerful objects in the wizarding world: the Deathly Hallows."
"As Harry Potter begins his sixth year at Hogwarts, he discovers an old book marked as ""the property of the Half-Blood Prince"" and begins to learn more about Lord Voldemort's dark past."
"A sexually ""undeclared"" college freshman's clairvoyant / prophetic dreams are the first sign that something very strange is going on involving his classmates -- with him at the center."
"In a war-torn world of elemental magic, a young boy reawakens to undertake a dangerous mystic quest to fulfill his destiny as the Avatar, and bring peace to the world."
A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian.
"A CIA special forces team are betrayed and left for dead by their superiors, galvanizing them to mount an offensive on the CIA."
"When Max, who is recovering from a traumatic accident, takes a job as a nighttime security guard, he begins to see visions of a young mysterious woman in the store's mirror."
An ex-cop and his family are the target of an evil force that is using mirrors as a gateway into their home.
A serial killer returns to his hometown to stalk seven children who share the same birthday as the date he was allegedly put to rest.
"After moving into a suburban home, a couple becomes increasingly disturbed by a nightly demonic presence."
A CIA agent goes on the run after a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy.
"Agent Strahm is dead, and FBI agent Erickson draws nearer to Hoffman. Meanwhile, a pair of insurance executives find themselves in another game set by Jigsaw."
"In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer, who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane."
The story behind Detective James Gordon's rise to prominence in Gotham City in the years before Batman's arrival.
"Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous."
"Spoiled billionaire playboy Oliver Queen is missing and presumed dead when his yacht is lost at sea. He returns five years later a changed man, determined to clean up the city as a hooded vigilante armed with a bow."
"Set ninety-seven years after a nuclear war has destroyed civilization, when a spaceship housing humanity's lone survivors sends one hundred juvenile delinquents back to Earth, in hopes of possibly re-populating the planet."
"In a world where people collect Pokémon to do battle, a boy comes across an intelligent talking Pikachu who seeks to be a detective."
The adventures of an idealistic mad scientist and his field team of superpowered outcasts.
"When a young boy disappears, his mother, a police chief, and his friends must confront terrifying forces in order to get him back."
"Six strangers find themselves in a maze of deadly mystery rooms, and must use their wits to survive."
"Set at the intersection of the near future and the reimagined past, explore a world in which every human appetite can be indulged without consequence."
"Ordinary people find themselves in extraordinarily astounding situations, which they each try to solve in a remarkable manner."
The further adventures in time and space of the alien adventurer known as the Doctor and their companions from planet Earth.
"In a post-apocalyptic world, a family is forced to live in silence while hiding from monsters with ultra-sensitive hearing."
The survivors of a plane crash are forced to work together in order to survive on a seemingly deserted tropical island.
"A police detective in the asteroid belt, the first officer of an interplanetary ice freighter and an earth-bound United Nations executive slowly discover a vast conspiracy that threatens the Earth's rebellious colony on the asteroid belt."
"A family saga with a supernatural twist, set in a German town, where the disappearance of two young children exposes the relationships among four families."
"Set almost 100 years after Captain Kirk's five-year mission, a new generation of Starfleet officers set off in the U.S.S. Enterprise-D on their own mission to go where no one has gone before."
"Two F.B.I. Agents, Fox Mulder the believer and Dana Scully the skeptic, investigate the strange and unexplained, while hidden forces work to impede their efforts."
"A young blade runner's discovery of a long-buried secret leads him to track down former blade runner Rick Deckard, who's been missing for thirty years."
"A biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply."
A small group of American soldiers find horror behind enemy lines on the eve of D-Day.
"In 1985 where former superheroes exist, the murder of a colleague sends active vigilante Rorschach into his own sprawling investigation, uncovering something that could completely change the course of history as we know it."
Tree Gelbman discovers that dying over and over was surprisingly easier than the dangers that lie ahead.
"In a post-apocalyptic and dystopian future, all life has been challenged by oppression and tyranny, as the evil Robotnik is on the wake of controlling Mobius."
"After a tragic accident, two stage magicians engage in a battle to create the ultimate illusion while sacrificing everything they have to outwit each other."
"An ex-assassin and a wealthy programmer save lives via a surveillance AI that sends them the identities of civilians involved in impending crimes. However, the details of the crimes--including the civilians' roles--are left a mystery."
A linguist works with the military to communicate with alien lifeforms after twelve mysterious spacecraft appear around the world.
"Based on the stories of Stephen King, the series will intertwine characters and themes from the fictional town of Castle Rock."
A young programmer is selected to participate in a ground-breaking experiment in synthetic intelligence by evaluating the human qualities of a highly advanced humanoid A.I.
"A group of people around the world are suddenly linked mentally, and must find a way to survive being hunted by those who see them as a threat to the world's order."
"Hundreds of years from now, surviving humans discover how to send consciousness back through time, into people of the 21st century, while attempting to change the path of humanity."
An F.B.I. agent is forced to work with an institutionalized scientist and his son in order to rationalize a brewing storm of unexplained phenomena.
A tough US Air Force officer and a skeptical scientist investigate UFO and alien conspiracies as Cold War paranoia spreads.
"Following clues to the origin of mankind, a team finds a structure on a distant moon, but they soon realize they are not alone."
A police officer joins a secret organization that polices and monitors extraterrestrial interactions on Earth.
"In a world divided by factions based on virtues, Tris learns she's Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late."
A research team in Antarctica is hunted by a shape-shifting alien that assumes the appearance of its victims.
"An exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past, present and future, as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero, and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution."
Agent J needs help so he is sent to find Agent K and restore his memory.
"After the earth-shattering revelations of Insurgent, Tris must escape with Four beyond the wall that encircles Chicago, to finally discover the shocking truth of the world around them."
6 complete strangers of widely varying personality characteristics are involuntarily placed in an endless maze containing deadly traps.
The lives of three young alien/human hybrids with extraordinary gifts in Roswell.
Plot is unknown.
"With the help of a mysterious pill that enables the user to access one hundred percent of his brain abilities, a struggling writer becomes a financial wizard, but it also puts him in a new world with lots of dangers."
"In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he works to adapt a fantasy novel into a video game."
A young orphan named Lewis Barnavelt aids his magical uncle in locating a clock with the power to bring about the end of the world.
"Pete and Myka, U.S Secret Service agents, are deployed in South Dakota's Warehouse 13 with a new assignment from an authority above and outside the government."
"For his final assignment, a top temporal agent must pursue the one criminal that has eluded him throughout time. The chase turns into a unique, surprising and mind-bending exploration of love, fate, identity and time travel taboos."
"In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation, a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own."
Twin siblings Dipper and Mabel Pines spend the summer at their uncle's tourist trap in the enigmatic town of Gravity Falls.
Tells the story of a psychopathic killer who drives a stolen Mercedes into a crowd and a recently retired detective who tries to bring him down.
A high school teacher travels back in time to prevent John F. Kennedy's assassination.
Follows the journey of a time traveler from the post-apocalyptic future who appears in present day on a mission to locate and eradicate the source of a deadly plague that will nearly destroy the human race.
"In a future world devastated by disease, a convict is sent back in time to gather information about the man-made virus that wiped out most of the human population on the planet."
A desperate man tries to return home to his pregnant fiancée after a mysterious apocalyptic event turns everything to chaos.
A self-indulgent and vain publishing magnate finds his privileged life upended after a vehicular accident with a resentful lover.
A civilian diving team is enlisted to search for a lost nuclear submarine and face danger while encountering an alien aquatic species.
"During the summer of 1979, a group of friends witness a train crash and investigate subsequent unexplained events in their small town."
"Years after he fought his way out of an inescapable prison, Ray Breslin has organized a new top-notch security force. But when one of his team members goes missing, Breslin must return to the hell he once escaped from."
"After getting in a car accident, a woman is held in a shelter with two men, who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack."
"An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious ""wellness center"" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps, but soon suspects that the spa's treatments are not what they seem."
"Orbiting a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis, and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality."
"This animated adventure series of Bruce Wayne, billionaire by day, crime fighter by night, starts as Wayne balances life as a free-wheeling bachelor, with his role as the Caped Crusader. ..."
"Sydney Bristow is an international spy recruited out of college, trained for espionage and self-defense."
"Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow ""runners"" for a shot at escape."
"In a future where a special police unit is able to arrest murderers before they commit their crimes, an officer from that unit is himself accused of a future murder."
"A modern revival of the classic science fiction horror anthology show The Outer Limits (1963). Episodes often have twist-endings and involve aliens. Sometimes, a story from one episode continues in a later episode."
A thriller centered on a young man who sets out to uncover the truth about his life after finding his baby photo on a missing persons website.
A brave and clever ragtag starship crew stands up against the evil Empire as it tightens its grip on the galaxy and hunts down the last of the Jedi Knights.
"In the dystopian 27th century, six people wake up on a deserted spaceship with no memory of who they are or what they're doing there. They reluctantly team up and set off to find answers with the help of a female android."
"When an expedition to the African Congo ends in disaster, a new team is assembled to find out what went wrong."
A mute bartender goes up against his city's gangsters in an effort to find out what happened to his missing partner.
"Many in the coastal town of Haven, Maine have a dormant curse or ""trouble"" that could trigger at any time for any reason. FBI agent Audrey Parker, the sheriff and the town's black sheep must deal with the troubles' deadly effects."
A family living on a farm finds mysterious crop circles in their fields which suggests something more frightening to come.
"An invisible and mysterious force field descends upon a small actual town of Chester's Mill, Maine, USA, trapping residents inside, cut off from the rest of civilization. The trapped townspeople must discover the secrets and purpose of the ""dome"" or ""sphere"" and its origins, while coming to learn more than they ever knew about each other and animals too."
A young scientist searches to find out what's causing a rash of violent animal attacks.
"A team of intergalactic warriors fights to protect the universe, but the combination of three highly trained beings and one quirky young boy leaves the team struggling to overcome the dangerous scenarios that are put in front of them."
"Astronaut Sam Bell has a quintessentially personal encounter toward the end of his three-year stint on the Moon, where he, working alongside his computer, GERTY, sends back to Earth parcels of a resource that has helped diminish our planet's power problems."
"A Secret Service agent goes to Wayward Pines, Idaho, in search of two federal agents who have gone missing in the bucolic town. He soon learns that he may never get out of Wayward Pines alive."
"In 2035, a technophobic cop investigates a crime that may have been perpetrated by a robot, which leads to a larger threat to humanity."
"When a structural-security authority finds himself set up and incarcerated in the world's most secret and secure prison, he has to use his skills to escape with help from the inside."
A family's Christmas takes a strange turn when they awake to find themselves trapped inside and begin receiving mysterious instructions through the television.
"Bound by a shared destiny, a teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor embark on a mission to unearth the secrets of a place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory."
"A science teacher, his wife, and a young girl struggle to survive a plague that causes those infected to commit suicide."
A group of medical researchers discover a way to bring dead patients back to life.
"Dr. Ellie Arroway (Jodie Foster), after years of searching, finds conclusive radio proof of extraterrestrial intelligence, sending plans for a mysterious machine."
Strange things begin to happen when a group of friends gather for a dinner party on an evening when a comet is passing overhead.
"A young man who works for horror and action films falls in love with a strange and gorgeous model just arrived from America. However this mysterious woman hides a dark, moving secret in her heart..."
"A man struggles with memories of his past, which includes a wife he cannot remember, and a nightmarish world without a sun."
"Scientist Sam Beckett finds himself trapped in the past, ""leaping"" into the bodies of different people on a regular basis."
A military family takes part in a ground-breaking experiment of genetic evolution and space exploration.
A troubled psychologist is sent to investigate the crew of an isolated research station orbiting a bizarre planet.
"In a last-ditch effort to stop a diabolical plot, a dead CIA operative's memories, secrets, and skills are implanted into a death-row inmate in hopes that he will complete the operative's mission."
"After a severely injured test pilot is rebuilt with nuclear powered limbs and implants, he serves as an intelligence agent."
"Held captive and faced with their imminent executions, fifty strangers are forced to choose the one person among them who deserves to live."
"A group of genetically-enhanced children escape from a lab project. Years later we meet Max, one of the escapees who now works for a messenger service in the post-apocalyptic Pacific Northwest."
"In the world ravaged by the greenhouse effect and overpopulation, an NYPD detective investigates the murder of a big company CEO."
"Two crew members of a spaceship wake up from hypersleep to discover that all their colleagues are missing. Despite this, it appears that they are not alone."
"The Mystery Inc. gang must save Coolsville from an attack of past unmasked monsters brought to life by an evil masked figure trying to ""unmask"" the gang."
"After a group of people, who meet online, discover a bizarre graphic novel which seems to hold mysterious answers, they find themselves being tracked down by a merciless organization known merely as 'The Network'."
M.I.T. professor John Koestler links a mysterious list of numbers from a time capsule to past and future disasters and sets out to prevent the ultimate catastrophe.
"A thriller involving an ongoing unsolved mystery in Alaska, where one town has seen an extraordinary number of unexplained disappearances during the past 40 years and there are accusations of a federal cover up."
"When a machine that allows therapists to enter their patients' dreams is stolen, all Hell breaks loose. Only a young female therapist, Paprika, can stop it."
A sci-fi/thriller story centered on a special-ops team that is dispatched to fight supernatural beings.
"A dying real estate mogul transfers his consciousness into a healthy young body, but soon finds that neither the procedure nor the company that performed it are quite what they seem."
"A small town in Kansas is literally left in the dark after seeing a mushroom cloud over near-by Denver, Colorado. The townspeople struggle to find answers about the blast and solutions on how to survive."
"An F.B.I. Agent and an Interpol Detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances, and reward their audiences with the money."
"A futuristic laboratory has erased the identities of lost young people, and now imprints them with the temporary identities they need to fulfill assignments for clients."
An undercover cop in a not-too-distant future becomes involved with a dangerous new drug and begins to lose his own identity as a result.
"As the reappearance of 4,400 missing persons on a single day confounds the global community, federal agents on the case slowly discover the ways in which the victims have been changed."
A rag doll that awakens in a postapocalyptic future holds the key to humanity's salvation.
"A race of space vampires arrives in London and infects the populace, beginning an apocalyptic descent into chaos."
A woman has an encounter with a man in the wilderness who will change her life forever.
A 200-year-old man works in the New York City Morgue trying to find a key to unlock the curse of his immortality.
A widower struggling to raise his emotionally challenged son discovers that he can predict events before they happen.
"A group of kids get together in the woods, and tell ghost stories."
"When an alien spacecraft of enormous power is spotted approaching Earth, Admiral James T. Kirk resumes command of the overhauled USS Enterprise in order to intercept it."
"A father and son go on the run, pursued by the government and a cult drawn to the child's special powers."
A paranoid mathematician searches for a key number that will unlock the universal patterns found in nature.
"Centers on the Shannons, an ordinary family from 2149 when the planet is dying, who are transported back 85 million years to prehistoric Earth where they join Terra Nova, a colony of humans with a second chance to build a civilization."
"After a mysterious disease kills every resident over 22 years old, survivors of a town must fend for themselves when the government quarantines them"
"A hugely talented but socially isolated computer operator is tasked by Management to prove the Zero Theorem: that the universe ends as nothing, rendering life meaningless. But meaning is what he already craves."
"Shortly after delivering a patient to an understaffed hospital, a police officer experiences strange and violent occurrences seemingly linked to a group of mysterious hooded figures."
"On a road trip, Nic and two friends are drawn to an isolated area by a computer genius. When everything suddenly goes dark, Nic regains consciousness - only to find himself in a waking nightmare."
"When strange anomalies start to appear all over England, Professor Cutter and his team must track down and capture all sorts of dangerous prehistoric creatures from Earth's distant past and near future."
An Arizona logger mysteriously disappears for five days in an alleged encounter with a flying saucer in 1975.
A high school cheerleader and her accident-prone best friend balance their duties as global crime-fighters with the typical challenges of adolescence.
"A specially gifted man, with the ability to instantly master any skill, escapes from a secret testing facility and travels the country taking on different jobs and helping strangers while hiding from his kidnappers."
"A family takes in a formerly institutionalized teen savant who is missing standard human behaviors such as anger, joy, and love."
"After being told that their children never existed, a man and woman soon discover there is a much bigger enemy at work."
A computer scientist running a virtual reality simulation of 1937 becomes the primary suspect when his colleague and mentor is murdered.
"With the help of long presumed dead Captain Kirk, Captain Picard must stop a renegade scientist willing to murder on a planetary scale in order to enter a space matrix."
"In the midst of the Gulf War, soldiers are kidnapped and brainwashed for sinister purposes."
"After New York City receives a series of attacks from giant flying robots, a reporter teams up with a pilot in search of their origin, as well as the reason for the disappearances of famous scientists around the world."
Two documentary filmmakers attempt to penetrate a cult who worships a woman who claims to be from the future.
Lifepod chronicles the trip of eight passengers after the ship on which they were traveling blew up on Christmas Eve 2168. Immediately people start dying. The passengers begin to ...
"A group of teens discover secret plans of a time machine, and construct one. However, things start to get out of control."
"Eight strangers awaken with no memory, in a puzzling cube-shaped room where the laws of physics do not always apply."
"A very handsome man finds the love of his life, but he suffers an accident and needs to have his face rebuilt by surgery after it is severely disfigured."
"The cases of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service's Washington, D.C. Major Case Response Team, led by Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs."
A police detective reconnects with people from an undercover assignment in her distant past in order to make peace.
Jane Doe is found in Times Square with no memory and mysterious tattoos on her body.
"When two bus crash survivors awake to discover that they are the only people left in their town, they work together to unravel the truth behind the strange events."
DS Steve Arnott is transferred to the police anti-corruption unit after the death of a man in a mistaken shooting during a counter-terrorist operation.
"Two brothers follow their father's footsteps as hunters, fighting evil supernatural beings of many kinds, including monsters, demons, and gods that roam the earth."
"As her 16th birthday nears, Sabrina must choose between the witch world of her family and the human world of her friends. Based on the Archie comic."
"A new FBI profiler, Elizabeth Keen, has her entire life uprooted when a mysterious criminal, Raymond Reddington, who has eluded capture for decades, turns himself in and insists on speaking only to her."
"While navigating the troubled waters of romance, school and family, Archie and his gang become entangled in dark Riverdale mysteries."
"A recently released ex-convict named Shadow meets a mysterious man who calls himself ""Wednesday"" and who knows more than he first seems to about Shadow's life and past."
A pair of Texas Rangers come out of retirement to catch the infamous outlaws Bonnie and Clyde.
"Seasonal anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law."
"Professor James Murray begins work compiling words for the first edition of the Oxford English Dictionary in the mid 19th century, and receives over 10,000 entries from a patient at Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Dr. William Minor."
"The cases of the F.B.I. Behavioral Analysis Unit (B.A.U.), an elite group of profilers who analyze the nation's most dangerous serial killers and individual heinous crimes in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again."
The apparently perfect lives of three mothers of first graders unravel to the point of murder.
"Hope Mikaelson, a tribrid daughter of a Vampire/Werewolf hybrid, makes her way in the world."
A dark comedy that focuses on a female con artist who marries people and then disappears with their money.
A group of ambitious law students and their brilliant criminal defense professor become involved in a twisted murder plot that promises to change the course of their lives.
A bipolar CIA operative becomes convinced a prisoner of war has been turned by al-Qaeda and is planning to carry out a terrorist attack on American soil.
A modern update finds the famous sleuth and his doctor partner solving crime in 21st century London.
"When a young doctor suspects she may not be alone in her new Brooklyn loft, she learns that her landlord has formed a frightening obsession with her."
A veteran DCI and his young sergeant investigate murders around the regional community of Midsomer County.
"The lives, loves, dangers and disasters in the town, Mystic Falls, Virginia. Creatures of unspeakable horror lurk beneath this town as a teenage girl is suddenly torn between two vampire brothers."
"Forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance ""Bones"" Brennan and cocky F.B.I. Special Agent Seeley Booth build a team to investigate murders. Quite often, there isn't more to examine than rotten flesh or mere bones."
"Due to a political conspiracy, an innocent man is sent to death row and his only hope is his brother, who makes it his mission to deliberately get himself sent to the same prison in order to break the both of them out, from the inside."
"By day, mild-mannered Dexter is a blood-spatter analyst for the Miami police. But at night, he is a serial killer who only targets other murderers."
"Sam, intelligent but without purpose, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre."
A family of power-hungry thousand year old vampires look to take back the city that they built and dominate all those who have done them wrong.
A series of events tests the beliefs of a small isolated countryside village.
"Flashing between past and present, a fractured family confronts haunting memories of their old home and the terrifying events that drove them from it."
"Follows teenager Clay Jensen, in his quest to uncover the story behind his classmate and crush, Hannah, and her decision to end her life."
"After the family matriarch passes away, a grieving family is haunted by tragic and disturbing occurrences, and begin to unravel dark secrets."
A young priest is sent to Rome to investigate the troubling death of the head of his order.
A low-level Cabinet member becomes President of the United States after a catastrophic attack kills everyone above him in the line of succession.
DCI John Luther is a near-genius murder detective whose brilliant mind can't always save him from the dangerous violence of his passions.
"The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift."
London detectives investigate crimes from the past; unraveling secrets left buried for years.
"Four friends band together against an anonymous foe who threatens to reveal their darkest secrets, while also investigating the disappearance of their best friend."
"Stephanie is a single mother with a parenting vlog who befriends Emily, a secretive upper-class woman who has a child at the same elementary school. When Emily goes missing, Stephanie takes it upon herself to investigate."
"Six tales of life and violence in the Old West, following a singing gunslinger, a bank robber, a traveling impresario, an elderly prospector, a wagon train, and a perverse pair of bounty hunters."
"A British inspector is transferred to Saint-Marie's police department, but he hates the sun, sea and sand. The series follow his investigations into murders on the island. Later series see another British DI head the investigative team."
"Circa 1969, several strangers, most with a secret to bury, meet by chance at Lake Tahoe's El Royale, a rundown hotel with a dark past. Over the course of one night, everyone will show their true colors - before everything goes to hell."
"Telepathic waitress Sookie Stackhouse encounters a strange new supernatural world when she meets the mysterious Bill, a southern Louisiana gentleman and vampire."
A dynamic young entrepreneur finds herself locked in a hotel room with the corpse of her dead lover. She hires a prestigious lawyer to defend her and they work together to figure out what actually happened.
"In the dead of a Wyoming winter, a bounty hunter and his prisoner find shelter in a cabin currently inhabited by a collection of nefarious characters."
A young woman befriends a lonely widow who's harboring a dark and deadly agenda toward her.
"Everything about the town of Beacon Heights seems perfect, but in the aftermath of the town's first murder, behind every Perfectionist hides secrets, lies and much needed alibies."
An elite team of police forensic evidence investigation experts work their cases in Las Vegas.
"A modern take on the cases of Sherlock Holmes, with the detective now living in New York City."
"Alicia has been a good wife to her husband, a former state's attorney. After a very humiliating sex and corruption scandal, he is behind bars. She must now provide for her family and returns to work as a litigator in a law firm."
"Three sisters discover their destiny, to battle against the forces of evil, using their witchcraft. They are the Charmed Ones."
"Harry, Ron, and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwarts."
Anthology series that examines how and why ordinary people commit brutal crimes.
"Adventurer James Keziah Delaney returns to London during the War of 1812 to rebuild his late father's shipping empire. However, both the government and his biggest competitor want his inheritance at any cost - even murder."
"As she deals with an unexpected pregnancy, D.I. Helen Weeks must return to the hometown she loathes to help her childhood best friend, who finds herself at the centre of a media frenzy following the abduction of two teenage girls."
"With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent."
"Professional writer and amateur sleuth Jessica Fletcher uses her intellect, charm, and persistence to get to the bottom of every crime she encounters."
A cynical young woman in New York City keeps dying and returning to the party that's being thrown in her honor on that same evening. She tries to find a way out of this strange time loop.
"A famous ""psychic"" outs himself as a fake, and starts working as a consultant for the California Bureau of Investigation so he can find ""Red John"", the madman who killed his wife and daughter."
"At the height of the Cold War two Russian agents pose as your average American couple, complete with family."
A teenage girl and a disgraced journalist find themselves drawn into a web of secrets revolving around 1950s Los Angeles' most infamous cold case.
A reporter confronts the psychological demons from her past when she returns to her hometown to cover a violent murder.
"Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives."
"Procedural drama about the inner workings of the New York office of the FBI, bringing to bear all the Bureau's skills, intellect and mind-blowing technology to keep New York and the country safe."
An idiosyncratic FBI agent investigates the murder of a young woman in the even more idiosyncratic town of Twin Peaks.
"A contemporary prequel to Psycho, giving a portrayal of how Norman Bates' psyche unravels through his teenage years, and how deeply intricate his relationship with his mother, Norma, truly is."
A homicide detective discovers he is a descendant of hunters who fight supernatural forces.
"After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard ""Rick"" Castle receives permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes."
"The murder of a young boy in a small coastal town brings a media frenzy, which threatens to tear the community apart."
"A political family drama set in Florence in the early fifteenth century. Cosimo de Medici finds himself at the helm of his banking dynasty when his father, Giovanni, dies suddenly."
"An ex-con assumes the identity of a murdered sheriff in the small town of Banshee, Pennsylvania, where he has some unfinished business."
"Merricat, Constance and their Uncle Julian live in isolation after experiencing a family tragedy six years earlier. When cousin Charles arrives to steal the family fortune, he also threatens a dark secret they've been hiding."
"A police investigation, the saga of a grieving family, and a Seattle mayoral campaign all interlock after the body of 17-year-old Rosie Larsen is found in the trunk of a submerged car."
"In 33 AD, a Roman Tribune in Judea is tasked to find the missing body of Jesus Christ, who rose from the dead."
"A woman and her sister begin to link a mysterious tunnel to a series of disappearances, including that of her own husband."
"With her caustic wit and singular charm, DCI Vera Stanhope and her team face a series of captivating murder mysteries set against the breathtaking Northumberland landscape."
A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank.
"Adrian Monk is a brilliant San Francisco detective, whose obsessive compulsive disorder just happens to get in the way."
"After his 16-year-old daughter goes missing, a desperate father breaks into her laptop to look for clues to find her."
A divorcee becomes entangled in a missing persons investigation that promises to send shockwaves throughout her life.
The cases of eccentric but sharp Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
"A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence."
"After a turbulent, but routine flight, those onboard discover the world has aged five years, and soon a deeper mystery unfolds."
A veteran hunter helps an FBI agent investigate the murder of a young woman on a Wyoming Native American reservation.
"In the late 1960s/early 1970s, a San Francisco cartoonist becomes an amateur detective obsessed with tracking down the Zodiac Killer, an unidentified individual who terrorizes Northern California with a killing spree."
"In the 1890s, William Murdoch uses radical forensic techniques for the time, including fingerprinting and trace evidence, to solve some of the city's most gruesome murders."
"A joinery instructor at a rehab center refuses to take a new teen as his apprentice, but then begins to follow the boy through the hallways and streets."
Los Angeles homicide detective Lieutenant Columbo uses his humble ways and ingenuous demeanor to winkle out even the most well-concealed of crimes.
"When a murder occurs on the train on which he's travelling, celebrated detective Hercule Poirot is recruited to solve the case."
Series inspired by the stories of GK Chesterton; a Catholic priest has a knack for solving mysteries in his English village.
A police detective uncovers a conspiracy behind a case involving a high-school guidance counselor when accusations of rape are made against him by two female students.
"After a supernatural event at his church, a preacher enlists the help of a vampire and his ex to find God."
"When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts."
"Secrets and truths unfold through the lives of female friends in one suburban neighborhood, after the mysterious suicide of a neighbor."
"Three years after the disappearance of two percent of the global population, a group of people in a small New York community try to continue their lives while coping with the tragedy of the unexplained nature of the event."
Lucas Snow was buried alive and has lost 3 days of his life. His best friend is murdered and the two top crime bosses are hunting him down as well as the police. Will he find out who set him up?
"Set in the 1960s, the show follows Endeavour Morse in his early years as a police constable. Working alongside his senior partner DI Fred Thursday, Morse engages in a number of investigations around Oxford."
Crimes through the eyes of a team of forensic pathologists and forensic scientists.
"When Robert Langdon wakes up in an Italian hospital with amnesia, he teams up with Dr. Sienna Brooks, and together they must race across Europe against the clock to foil a deadly global plot."
An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico.
"The cases of a master criminal defense attorney, handling the most difficult of cases in the aid of the innocent."
Series 1 follows Ben Coulter who is accused of committing a crime that he has no recollection of after a drunken and drug-filled night out. Series 2 follows Juliet through the criminal justice system after she stabs her abusive husband.
A boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.
"A New York City doctor embarks on a harrowing, night-long odyssey of sexual and moral discovery after his wife reveals a painful secret to him."
Ed and Lorraine Warren travel to North London to help a single mother raising 4 children alone in a house plagued by a supernatural spirit.
"Jong-su bumps into a girl who used to live in the same neighborhood as him, who asks him to look after her cat while on a trip to Africa. When back, she introduces Ben, a mysterious guy she met there, who confesses his secret hobby."
"After her best friend is murdered, and her father is removed as county Sheriff, Veronica Mars dedicates her life to cracking the toughest mysteries in the affluent town of Neptune."
"A white collar criminal agrees to help the FBI catch other white collar criminals using his expertise as an art and securities thief, counterfeiter, and conman."
"Obsessed with the disappearance of a 12-year-old pregnant girl near a freezing lake in New Zealand, a brave detective will find herself up against small-town secrets and a side of herself that was meticulously kept at bay."
Newspaper illustrator John Moore meets with criminal psychologist (alienist) Dr. Laszlo Kreizler to investigate a serial killer in New York during the late 19th century.
"After being kidnapped and imprisoned for fifteen years, Oh Dae-Su is released, only to find that he must find his captor in five days."
"In 1905, a drifter on a dangerous mission to rescue his kidnapped sister tangles with a sinister religious cult on an isolated island."
"A traumatized veteran, unafraid of violence, tracks down missing girls for a living. When a job spins out of control, Joe's nightmares overtake him as a conspiracy is uncovered leading to what may be his death trip or his awakening."
"Dr. Richard Kimble, unjustly accused of murdering his wife, must find the real killer while being the target of a nationwide manhunt led by a seasoned U.S. Marshal."
A group of friends become motivated to living fuller lives after the unexpected death of a close friend.
"Journalist Mikael Blomkvist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing for forty years by Lisbeth Salander, a young computer hacker."
"QUEENS OF MYSTERY follows the entertaining adventures of Beth, Cat and Jane Stone, three crime-writing sisters, and their 28-year old niece, Detective Sergeant Matilda Stone. Using their ..."
The night manager of a Cairo hotel is recruited to infiltrate an arms dealer's inner circle.
"The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office."
A struggling mother of three forms an unexpected bond with the night nanny hired to help with her newborn baby.
"After a car wreck, an amnesiac woman sets out to learn what happened to her with the help of a wannabee actress."
"Fledgling writer Briony Tallis, as a thirteen-year-old, irrevocably changes the course of several lives when she accuses her older sister's lover of a crime he did not commit."
An up-and-coming journalist finds his world and faith increasingly challenged when he's granted the interview of a lifetime - with someone who claims to be God.
"Homicide detective John Hobbes witnesses the execution of serial killer Edgar Reese. Soon after the execution the killings start again, and they are very similar to Reese's style."
Sisters in conflict travelling through Europe toward a mystery destination.
"Laura, a Spanish woman living in Buenos Aires, returns to her hometown outside Madrid with her two children to attend her sister's wedding. However, the trip is upset by unexpected events that bring secrets into the open."
"Perched on the edge of the Arctic Circle, Fortitude is one of the safest towns on earth. There has never been a violent crime here. Until now."
A vigilante helps victims escape their domestic abusers.
"Steven, a charismatic surgeon, is forced to make an unthinkable sacrifice after his life starts to fall apart, when the behavior of a teenage boy he has taken under his wing turns sinister."
"A simple yet proud farmer in the year 1922 conspires to murder his wife for financial gain, convincing his teenage son to assist. But their actions have unintended consequences."
Events over the course of one traumatic night in Paris unfold in reverse-chronological order as the beautiful Alex is brutally raped and beaten by a stranger in the underpass.
DI Jimmy Perez and his team investigate crimes within the close knit island community of Shetland.
"A man accepts an invitation to a dinner party hosted by his ex-wife, an unsettling affair that reopens old wounds and creates new tensions."
"A violent police detective investigates a brutal murder, in which a manipulative and seductive novelist could be involved."
"Two Chicago firefighter brothers, who don't get along, have to work together while a dangerous arsonist is on the loose."
"The cases of the Miami-Dade, Florida police department's Crime Scene Investigations unit."
"Deputy Police Chief Brenda Johnson runs the Priority Homicide Division of the LAPD with an unorthodox style. Her innate ability to read people and obtain confessions helps her and her team solve the city's toughest, most sensitive cases."
The lives of three men who were childhood friends are shattered when one of them has a family tragedy.
"In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds - and remembers."
"In 1933, retired detective Hercule Poirot is targeted by a taunting killer who sends letters signed ""ABC"", which Poirot must decode in order to discover the identity of the murderer."
The adventures of a Hawaii based private investigator.
An African-American police detective is asked to investigate a murder in a racially hostile southern town.
"In mourning over the tragic drowning of their daughter Sarah, James and Adèle are visited by Ebrill, a young girl who claims she died 60 years ago - and bears a startling resemblance to Sarah."
A grieving widow discovers that her seemingly ideal husband lived many secret lives.
"Following Wyatt Earp's great great-granddaughter as she battles demons and other creatures. With her unique abilities and a posse of dysfunctional allies, she's the only thing that can bring the paranormal to justice."
"Two Boston area detectives investigate a little girl's kidnapping, which ultimately turns into a crisis both professionally and personally."
An intellectually nonconformist friar investigates a series of mysterious deaths in an isolated abbey.
"After the deaths of three children suspected to be killed by wolves, writer Russell Core is hired by the parents of a missing six-year-old boy to track down and locate their son in the Alaskan wilderness."
"An attorney, intent on climbing the career ladder toward success, finds an unlikely opponent in a manipulative criminal he is trying to prosecute."
"A mother of two who inherits a house is confronted with murderous intruders on the first night in their new home and fights for her daughters' lives. Sixteen years later when the daughters reunite at the house, things get really strange."
Detective Jane Rizzoli and Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Maura Isles team up to solve crimes in Boston.
"When a conservative middle-aged professor engages in a minor dalliance with a femme fatale, he is plunged into a nightmarish quicksand of blackmail and murder."
Detectives from NYPD's 15th squad investigate homicides within their precinct.
"Ignoring the eerie warning of a troubled mother suspected of child endangerment, a social worker and her own small kids are soon drawn into a frightening supernatural realm."
"A young African-American visits his white girlfriend's parents for the weekend, where his simmering uneasiness about their reception of him eventually reaches a boiling point."
A priest with a haunted past and a novice on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate the death of a young nun in Romania and confront a malevolent force in the form of a demonic nun.
"Determined to keep Annabelle from wreaking more havoc, demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren bring the possessed doll to the locked artifacts room in their home, placing her ""safely"" behind ..."
Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse.
"A teen comes into possession of a new laptop and soon discovers that the previous owner is not only watching him, but will also do anything to get it back."
"The enchanted lives of a couple in a secluded forest are brutally shattered by a nightmarish hippie cult and their demon-biker henchmen, propelling a man into a spiraling, surreal rampage of vengeance."
"A college student must relive the day of her murder over and over again, in a loop that will end only when she discovers her killer's identity."
A supernatural force sets out to exact revenge against art profiteers attempting to exploit a series of paintings by an unknown artist.
Three teenage thieves infiltrate a mansion dinner party secretly hosted by a group of recovering murderers for the social elite.
"Fifteen years after stabbing a classmate to conjure an imaginary phantom known as Mercy Black, Marina Hess is coming home. She's being released from psychiatric care to live with her sister..."
"When her mother disappears, Clary Fray learns that she descends from a line of warriors who protect our world from demons. She joins forces with others like her and heads into a dangerous alternate New York called the Shadow World."
"In a small town in Massachusetts, a group of friends, fascinated by the internet lore of the Slender Man, attempt to prove that he doesn't actually exist - until one of them mysteriously goes missing."
"A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them."
"Twelve years after the tragic death of their little girl, a doll-maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home, where they become the target of the doll-maker's possessed creation, Annabelle."
"A year after the murder of her mother, a teenage girl is terrorized by a new killer, who targets the girl and her friends by using horror films as part of a deadly game."
A husband and wife who recently lost their baby adopt a 9 year-old girl who is not nearly as innocent as she claims to be.
"After suspecting that their police officer neighbor is a serial killer, a group of teenage friends spend their summer spying on him and gathering evidence, but as they get closer to discovering the truth, things get dangerous."
"A father and son, both coroners, are pulled into a complex mystery while attempting to identify the body of a young woman, who was apparently harboring dark secrets."
A young woman is followed by an unknown supernatural force after a sexual encounter.
A family looks to prevent evil spirits from trapping their comatose child in a realm called The Further.
"When a cop who is just out of rehab takes the graveyard shift in a city hospital morgue, she faces a series of bizarre, violent events caused by an evil entity in one of the corpses."
"Anthology series hosted by Boris Karloff that originally told ordinary tales of crime and mystery, but later became a showcase for gothic horror stories, many of which were based on works ..."
"Secrets are just part of daily life in the small Pennsylvania town of Hemlock Grove,where the darkest evils hide in plain sight."
An antisocial maverick doctor who specializes in diagnostic medicine does whatever it takes to solve puzzling cases that come his way using his crack team of doctors and his wits.
A serialized anthology series that follows a group of teenagers being targeted by a masked serial killer.
"A young woman returns to the small town where her parents were murdered, only to find the past re-emerging as a new series of murders begins."
"Two strangers, who awaken in a room with no recollection of how they got there, soon discover they're pawns in a deadly game perpetrated by a notorious serial killer."
"A young woman is involuntarily committed to a mental institution, where she is confronted by her greatest fear--but is it real or a product of her delusion?"
"Three backpackers head to a Slovak city that promises to meet their hedonistic expectations, with no idea of the hell that awaits them."
"Parapsychologist Dr. Elise Rainier faces her most fearsome and personal haunting yet, as she is drawn back to her ghostly childhood home, where the terror began."
"Supernatural detective John Constantine helps a policewoman prove her sister's death was not a suicide, but something more."
"In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces."
Plot unknown. Third installment of the Conjuring franchise.
A detective and a psychoanalyst uncover evidence of a satanic cult while investigating the rape of a young woman.
"Ensconced in her sprawling California mansion, eccentric firearm heiress Sarah Winchester believes she is haunted by the souls of people killed by the Winchester repeating rifle."
"An anthology series based on popular Internet Creepypastas Candle Cove, The No-End House, Butcher's Block, and The Dream Door."
Newlyweds are terrorized by demonic forces after moving into a large house that was the site of a grisly mass murder a year before.
Washed-up true-crime writer Ellison Oswalt finds a box of super 8 home movies that suggest the murder he is currently researching is the work of a serial killer whose work dates back to the 1960s.
"A semi-anthology series that centers on returning characters being terrorized by a serial killer in different locations, including a university and a hospital."
A couple begins to experience terrifying supernatural occurrences involving a vintage doll shortly after their home is invaded by satanic cultists.
A journalist must investigate a mysterious videotape which seems to cause the death of anyone one week to the day after they view it.
"A woman tries to exonerate her brother, who was convicted of murder, by proving that the crime was committed by a supernatural phenomenon."
"Rebecca must unlock the terror behind her little brother's experiences that once tested her sanity, bringing her face to face with a supernatural spirit attached to their mother."
"An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive."
"A repressed female psychiatrist wakes up as a patient in the asylum where she worked, with no memory of why she is there or what she has done."
"When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead."
Four young friends bound by a tragic accident are reunited when they find themselves being stalked by a hook-wielding maniac in their small seaside town.
Three friends stumble upon the horrific origins of a mysterious figure they discover is the root cause of the evil behind unspeakable acts.
A woman who lives in her darkened old family house with her two photosensitive children becomes convinced that the home is haunted.
"Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate the decapitations of three people, with the culprit being the legendary apparition, The Headless Horseman."
An intelligent high school student goes on a secret crusade to eliminate criminals from the world after discovering a notebook capable of killing anyone whose name is written into it.
"After a doctor is called to visit a crumbling manor, strange things begin to occur."
A picture-perfect family is shattered when the work of a serial killer hits too close to home. Dylan McDermott stars in this chilling portrait of all-American evil.
"Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son. Then a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge."
"A sheriff investigating the disappearance of a young girl from a small island discovers there's a larger mystery to solve among the island's secretive, neo-pagan community."
A wealthy San Francisco socialite pursues a potential boyfriend to a small Northern California town that slowly takes a turn for the bizarre when birds of all kinds suddenly begin to attack people.
"Bodies are turning up around the city, each having met a uniquely gruesome demise. As the investigation proceeds, evidence points to one suspect: John Kramer, the man known as Jigsaw, who has been dead for over 10 years."
"Alice, an ambitious camgirl, wakes up one day to discover she's been replaced on her show with an exact replica of herself."
When she left Stonehaven - 'for good this time' - Elena Michaels thought she had left the world of supernatural behind. Until the night she got a mysterious call from her pack leader asking...
"Soon after a stranger arrives in a little village, a mysterious sickness starts spreading. A policeman, drawn into the incident, is forced to solve the mystery in order to save his daughter."
"A group of online chat room friends find themselves haunted by a mysterious, supernatural force using the account of their dead friend."
"Mrs. Voorhees is dead, and Camp Crystal Lake is shut down, but a camp next to the infamous place is stalked by an unknown assailant."
Dramatizations of many Roald Dahl short stories.
"In 1967 Los Angeles, a widowed mother and her daughters add a new stunt to bolster their seance scam business by inviting an evil presence into their home, not realizing how dangerous it is."
"Former FBI profiler Will Graham returns to service to pursue a deranged serial murderer named ""the Tooth Fairy"" by the media."
A retired pop singer turned actress' sense of reality is shaken when she is stalked by an obsessed fan and seemingly a ghost of her past.
A young couple staying in an isolated vacation home are terrorized by three unknown assailants.
A personal shopper in Paris refuses to leave the city until she makes contact with her twin brother who previously died there. Her life becomes more complicated when a mysterious person contacts her via text message.
"Still haunted by his past, Tommy Jarvis - who, as a child, killed Jason Voorhees - wonders if the serial killer is connected to a series of brutal murders occurring in and around the secluded halfway house where he now lives."
A group of unwitting teens are stranded near a strange wax museum and soon must fight to survive and keep from becoming the next exhibit.
"Rose Hathaway is a Dhampir, half human-half vampire, a guardian of the Moroi, peaceful, mortal vampires living discreetly within our world. Her calling is to protect the Moroi from bloodthirsty, immortal Vampires, the Strigoi."
"Ten years have passed, and Sidney Prescott, who has put herself back together thanks in part to her writing, is visited by the Ghostface Killer."
A private investigator is hired by a man who calls himself Louis Cyphre to track down a singer named Johnny Favorite. But the investigation takes an unexpected and somber turn.
An insurance investigator begins discovering that the impact a horror writer's books have on his fans is more than inspirational.
"Set during the time of the first outbreak of bubonic plague in England, a young monk is given the task of learning the truth about reports of people being brought back to life in a small village."
"Tom returns to his hometown on the tenth anniversary of the Valentine's night massacre that claimed the lives of 22 people. Instead of a homecoming, Tom finds himself suspected of committing the murders, and it seems like his old flame is the only one that believes he's innocent."
Two brothers find themselves lost in a mysterious land and try to find their way home.
"In the aftermath of his girlfriend's mysterious death, a young man awakens to find strange horns sprouting from his temples."
"A female Psychologist who has stopped practicing medicine, decides to take the case of Veronica de la Serna, a young woman whose previous therapist has mysteriously disappeared."
"Dorothy, saved from a psychiatric experiment by a mysterious girl, is somehow called back to Oz when a vain witch and the Nome King destroy everything that makes the magical land beautiful."
Children are hidden away in the attic by their conspiring mother and grandmother.
A young FBI agent disappears while investigating a murder miles from Twin Peaks that may be related to the future murder of Laura Palmer; the last week of the life of Laura Palmer is chronicled.
"A passionate holiday romance leads to an obsessive relationship, when an Australian photojournalist wakes one morning in a Berlin apartment and is unable to leave."
A teenage girl discovers a box that carries magic powers and a deadly price for using them.
Disturbing and mysterious things begin to happen to a bartender in New Orleans after he picks up a phone left behind at his bar.
"Set in a medieval village that is haunted by a werewolf, a young girl falls for an orphaned woodcutter, much to her family's displeasure."
"A woman brings her family back to her childhood home, which used to be an orphanage for handicapped children. Before long, her son starts to communicate with an invisible new friend."
"When Eleanor, Theo, and Luke decide to take part in a sleep study at a huge mansion they get more than they bargained for when Dr. Marrow tells them of the house's ghostly past."
"New York police officer Ralph Sarchie investigates a series of crimes. He joins forces with an unconventional priest, schooled in the rites of exorcism, to combat the possessions that are terrorizing their city."
"A reporter is drawn to a small West Virginia town to investigate a series of strange events, including psychic visions and the appearance of bizarre entities."
"An American nurse living and working in Tokyo is exposed to a mysterious supernatural curse, one that locks a person in a powerful rage before claiming their life and spreading to another victim."
A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds Bea wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night.
A young woman fights the spirit that is slowly taking possession of her.
"A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence."
A brother and sister driving home through isolated countryside for spring break encounter a flesh-eating creature which is in the midst of its ritualistic eating spree.
"From Michael McDowell, the writer of Beetlejuice (1988) and The Nightmare Before Christmas (1993), comes a chilling tale of supernatural vengeance."
"A group of sorority sisters try to cover up the death of their house-sister after a prank gone wrong, only to be stalked by a serial killer."
"A young widower returns to his hometown to search for answers to his wife's murder, which may be linked to the ghost of a murdered ventriloquist."
"The Lamberts believe that they have defeated the spirits that have haunted their family, but they soon discover that evil is not beaten so easily."
"HOLIDAYS is an anthology feature film that puts a uniquely dark and original spin on some of the most iconic and beloved holidays of all time by challenging our folklore, traditions and assumptions."
A housewife suspects that her seemingly perfect eight year-old daughter is a heartless killer.
"Eight candidates for a highly desirable corporate job are locked together in an exam room and given a final test with just one question. It seems simple yet confusing that soon, tensions begin to unravel."
"A man kisses his wife and baby goodbye and seemingly heads away on business, with a plan to check into a hotel, call an escort service, and kill an unsuspecting prostitute."
"Anna returns home after a stint in a mental hospital, but her recovery is jeopardized by her cruel stepmother and ghastly visions of her dead mother."
A torn suburban family refuses to heed the warning of an innocent prank left upon them which causes an unknown supernatural force to wreak havoc.
A prequel set before the haunting of the Lambert family that reveals how gifted psychic Elise Rainier reluctantly agrees to use her ability to contact the dead in order to help a teenage girl who has been targeted by a dangerous supernatural entity.
"A woman wakes up every day, remembering nothing as a result of a traumatic accident in her past. One day, new terrifying truths emerge that force her to question everyone around her."
"Six tourists hire an extreme tour guide who takes them to the abandoned city Pripyat, the former home to the workers of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor. During their exploration, they soon discover they are not alone."
"After a seemingly innocent prank goes horribly wrong, a group of sorority sisters are stalked and murdered one by one in their sorority house while throwing a party to celebrate their graduation."
A detective and his team must rescue 8 people trapped in a factory by the twisted serial killer known as Jigsaw.
A confused religious girl tries to deny her feelings for a female friend who's in love with her. This causes her suppressed subconsciously-controlled psychokinetic powers to reemerge with devastating results.
"In Victorian-era London, a troubled clairvoyant police detective investigates the murders of Jack the Ripper."
Two wanted women decide to rob their wealthy psychotic friend who lives in the fantasy world they created as children; to take the money they have to take part in a deadly perverse game of make believe.
"As a deadly battle rages over Jigsaw's brutal legacy, a group of Jigsaw survivors gathers to seek the support of self-help guru and fellow survivor Bobby Dagen, a man whose own dark secrets unleash a new wave of terror."
A young woman finds herself on the receiving end of a terrifying curse that threatens to take her life in 7 days.
Sequel to the 2016 South Korean zombie film.
An institutionalized young woman becomes terrorized by a ghost.
A young mother and her twin sons move into a rural house that's marked for death.
Rod Serling presents tales of horror illustrated in various paintings.
"A widower takes an offer to screen girls at a special audition, arranged for him by a friend to find him a new wife. The one he fancies is not who she appears to be after all."
"A journalist goes undercover to ferret out businessman Harrison Hill as her childhood friend's killer. Posing as one of his temps, she enters into a game of online cat-and-mouse."
A young nurse takes care of an elderly author who lives in a haunted house.
"A woman goes into Japan's Suicide Forest to find her twin sister, and confronts supernatural terror."
Sheriff Dan Tashtego and a team of creeper hunters enlist the help of officer Davis Tubbs to help stop the monster's eating spree.
"An amusement park mogul offers a group of diverse people $1,000,000 to spend the night in a haunted house with a horrifying past."
"Psychologist Margaret Matheson and her assistant study paranormal activity, which leads them to investigate a world-renowned psychic who has resurfaced years after his toughest critic mysteriously passed away."
A woman is convinced her kidnapper has returned when her sister goes missing.
"Most of the passengers on an airplane disappear, and the remainder land the plane in a mysteriously barren airport."
A team of scientists are thrust into a potentially life-or-death situation when they arrive in the Arctic to secretly investigate what could be an outbreak of a strange disease in a secluded international research facility.
Jigsaw abducts a doctor in order to keep himself alive while he watches his new apprentice put an unlucky citizen named Jeff through a brutal test.
"Twin boys move to a new home with their mother after she has face changing cosmetic surgery, but under her bandages is someone the children don't recognize."
"During a visit to friends, Sara begins having visions and is attacked by an unearthly creature."
A spaceship is discovered under three hundred years' worth of coral growth at the bottom of the ocean.
"In an alternative Victorian Age Gotham City, Batman begins his war on crime while he investigates a new series of murders by Jack the Ripper."
An American seminary student travels to Italy to take an exorcism course.
"The angel Gabriel comes to Earth to collect a soul which will end the stalemated war in Heaven, and only a former priest and a little girl can stop him."
"Following Jigsaw's grisly demise, Mark Hoffman is commended as a hero, but Agent Strahm is suspicious, and delves into Hoffman's past. Meanwhile, another group of people are put through a series of gruesome tests."
"After twenty-two years of psychiatric care, Norman Bates attempts to return to a life of solitude, but the specters of his crimes - and his mother - continue to haunt him."
"When her child goes missing, a mother looks to unravel the legend of the Tall Man, an entity who allegedly abducts children."
A group of friends must confront their most terrifying fears when they awaken the dark powers of an ancient spirit board.
Two estranged sisters are forced to rob a bank in order to save their brother. But this is no ordinary bank.
"A photographer's obsessive pursuit of dark subject matter leads him into the path of a serial killer who stalks late night commuters, ultimately butchering them in the most gruesome ways imaginable."
A demonic force has chosen Freddy Krueger as its portal to the real world. Can Heather Langenkamp play the part of Nancy one last time and trap the evil trying to enter our world?
"An elderly woman battling Alzheimer's disease agrees to let a film crew document her condition, but what they discover is something far more sinister going on."
"Decades-old found footage from NASA's abandoned Apollo 18 mission, where two American astronauts were sent on a secret expedition, reveals the reason the U.S. has never returned to the moon."
"As a widower tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide, his daughter finds solace, at first, in her imaginary friend."
"Creeped Out is a series of spellbinding, enchanting and intriguing tales. Each episode is a different story set in a different place and time, with different characters exploring their way through the unexplained."
"Despite Jigsaw's death, and in order to save the lives of two of his colleagues, Lieutenant Rigg is forced to take part in a new game, which promises to test him to the limit."
"After discovering a video showing what he believes to be his vanished sister Heather, James and a group of friends head to the forest believed to be inhabited by the Blair Witch."
A hospice nurse working at a spooky New Orleans plantation home finds herself entangled in a mystery involving the house's dark past.
Five women are stalked by an unknown assailant while preparing for Valentine's Day.
"Two adults and a juvenile break into a house occupied by a brother and sister and their stolen children. There, they must fight for their lives."
Twin Peaks before Twin Peaks (1990) and at the same time not always and entirely in the same place as Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992). A feature film which presents deleted scenes from Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992) assembled together for the first time in an untold portion of the story's prequel.
"6 months after the incidents involving the lethal videotape, new clues prove that there is a new evil lurking in the darkness."
A jazz pianist and a wisecracking journalist are pulled into a complex web of mystery after the former witnesses the brutal murder of a psychic.
A young African-American travels across the U.S. in the 1950s in search of his missing father.
A group of people with psychic powers are invited to spend the night in a haunted house.
"A camp counselor suffering from blackouts finds himself surrounded by murder victims. He turns to his horror movie enthusiast friend for advice, and to contend with the idea he may be the killer."
"As a woman struggles to come to grips with her past in the wake of her mother's death and the disappearance of her sister, an unsettling presence emerges in her childhood home."
A reporter and her ex-husband investigate a cursed video tape that is rumored to kill the viewer seven days after watching it.
"After a mysterious global crisis, a young girl is left alone to hide from a malevolent power that stalks her home. Her parents eventually return and the struggle begins to save their daughter."
A boating accident runs a young man and woman ashore in a decrepit Spanish fishing town which they discover is in the grips of an ancient sea god and its monstrous half human offspring.
A girl is trapped inside her family's lakeside retreat and becomes unable to contact the outside world as supernatural forces haunt the house with mysterious energy and consequences.
A young man tries to help a teenage European girl who escaped from a clinic hospital after witnessing the murder of her parents by a serial killer and they try to find the killer before the killer finds them.
"A year after their son goes missing, a family moves to Crickley Hall. When supernatural events begin to take place, Eve feels the house is somehow connected to her lost son."
The Returned opens in a small mountain community which is rocked to its core when several local people who are presumed dead suddenly re-appear at their homes. Despite having passed away ...
"Elvis Presley and a black ""JFK"" stay in a nursing home where nothing happens - until a wayward Egyptian mummy comes and sucks out the old people's souls thru their a-holes. The two decide to fight back."
A determined young woman and a damaged occultist risk their lives and souls to perform a dangerous ritual that will grant them what they want.
"After losing their mother to a demon, two brothers grow up fighting supernatural beings."
"This fantasy action-adventure series follows four teenage boys who get lost in the forest and discover, when they return home, that they are in an alternate world identical to theirs except..."
"A young girl buys an antique box at a yard sale, unaware that inside the collectible lives a malicious ancient spirit. The girl's father teams with his ex-wife to find a way to end the curse upon their child."
5 high school students Irving Saturday detention in a former Correction Facility must find a way to outsmart and unseen Menace out to kill them
"In the aftermath of a hurricane, a Florida Park Ranger and his family deal with strange occurrences, including luminescent creatures in the water and people that somehow seem to have ..."
"A homicide detective and an anthropologist try to destroy a South American lizard-like god, who's on a people eating rampage in a Chicago museum."
Trainees in the FBI's psychological profiling program must put their training into practice when they discover a killer in their midst.
"13-year-old Rynn Jacobs lives alone in a high-class Quebec small town, but unknown to the neighbors, she is leading a secret and dangerous life."
A father and his daughter struggle to survive in deep space where they live in isolation.
An injured hitman befriends his kidnapped daughter's imaginary friend - a perky blue flying unicorn.
A group of very peculiar robbers assault the Factory of Moneda and Timbre to carry out the most perfect robbery in the history of Spain and take home 2.4 billion euros.
"A New York cop and his wife go on a European vacation to reinvigorate the spark in their marriage, but end up getting framed and on the run for the death of an elderly billionaire."
"Detective Sherlock Holmes is on the trail of criminal mastermind Professor Moriarty, who is carrying out a string of random crimes across Europe."
A group of friends who meet regularly for game nights find themselves entangled in a real-life mystery when the shady brother of one of them is seemingly kidnapped by dangerous gangsters.
"When the puppet cast of a '90s children's TV show begin to get murdered one by one, a disgraced LAPD detective-turned-private eye puppet takes on the case."
"A novice sleuth is hired by the police after he cons them into thinking he has psychic powers which help solve crimes. With the assistance of his reluctant best friend, the duo take on a series of complicated cases."
"Old-school U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens is reassigned from Miami to his childhood home in the poor, rural coal mining towns in eastern Kentucky."
Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England.
"A young wizard finds himself competing in a hazardous tournament between rival schools of magic, but he is distracted by recurring nightmares."
"Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer."
"In a city of anthropomorphic animals, a rookie bunny cop and a cynical con artist fox must work together to uncover a conspiracy."
An ancient prophecy seems to be coming true when a mysterious presence begins stalking the corridors of a school of magic and leaving its victims paralyzed.
"It's Harry's third year at Hogwarts; not only does he have a new ""Defense Against the Dark Arts"" teacher, but there is also trouble brewing. Convicted murderer Sirius Black has escaped the Wizards' Prison and is coming after Harry."
"While the clock is ticking, with the aid of a witness preparation expert, a successful entrepreneur accused of murder has less than three hours to come up with an impregnable defence."
"The Tashkent Files is a thriller that revolves around the mysterious death of India's 2nd Prime Minister Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri and attempts to uncover if he had actually died a natural death, or, as alleged, was assassinated."
"A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup."
A New York City advertising executive goes on the run after being mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies.
An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents.
"During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches, and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts."
"When a young boy goes missing in a sleepy backwoods town, a local sanitation truck driver, Donald, plays detective, embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation."
A skilled London police officer is transferred to a small town with a dark secret.
"Six guests are anonymously invited to a strange mansion for dinner, but after their host is killed, they must cooperate with the staff to identify the murderer as the bodies pile up."
"With their warning about Lord Voldemort's return scoffed at, Harry and Dumbledore are targeted by the Wizard authorities as an authoritarian bureaucrat slowly seizes power at Hogwarts."
"When a border dispute arises between the U.S. and Canada, the Super Troopers are tasked with establishing a Highway Patrol station in the disputed area."
Clairvoyant femme fatale Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men: one of whom she knows will be her murderer.
"A murder inside the Louvre, and clues in Da Vinci paintings, lead to the discovery of a religious mystery protected by a secret society for two thousand years, which could shake the foundations of Christianity."
"When a body is found on the bridge between Denmark and Sweden, right on the border, Danish inspector Martin Rohde and Swedish Saga Norén have to share jurisdiction and work together to find the killer."
"After an acrimonious break up, the Mystery Inc. gang are individually brought to an island resort to investigate strange goings on."
The plot is unknown at this time.
"The Four Horsemen resurface, and are forcibly recruited by a tech genius to pull off their most impossible heist yet."
"Rex and Saskia, a young couple in love, are on vacation. They stop at a busy service station and Saskia is abducted. After three years and no sign of Saskia, Rex begins receiving letters from the abductor."
"Beneath the placid facade of Canberra, amidst rising tension between China and America, senior political journalist Harriet Dunkley uncovers a secret city of interlocked conspiracies, putting innocent lives in danger including her own."
"Five Vermont state troopers, avid pranksters with a knack for screwing up, try to save their jobs and out-do the local police department by solving a crime."
An Insurance Salesman/Ex-Cop is caught up in a criminal conspiracy during his daily commute home.
Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon works with a nuclear physicist to solve a murder and prevent a terrorist act against the Vatican during one of the significant events within the church.
"In 1970s Los Angeles, a mismatched pair of private eyes investigate a missing girl and the mysterious death of a porn star."
A wrongfully convicted boy is sent to a brutal desert detention camp where he joins the job of digging holes for some mysterious reason.
The story of the kidnapping of 16-year-old John Paul Getty III and the desperate attempt by his devoted mother to convince his billionaire grandfather Jean Paul Getty to pay the ransom.
"Marcella Backland left the Metropolitan Police for the sake of her family, only to have her husband leave her. She returns to her job on the murder squad, investigating a case that seems disturbingly familiar to her."
"A minister of a small congregation in upstate New York grapples with mounting despair brought on by tragedy, worldly concerns and a tormented past."
"In 1970, drug-fueled Los Angeles private investigator Larry ""Doc"" Sportello investigates the disappearance of a former girlfriend."
A young film student in the early 80s becomes romantically involved with a complicated and untrustworthy man.
"A man is picked up by a fishing boat, bullet-riddled and suffering from amnesia, before racing to elude assassins and attempting to regain his memory."
We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm.
"Three teens discover that their neighbor's house is really a living, breathing, scary monster."
"A law student uncovers a conspiracy, putting herself and others in danger."
A former police detective juggles wrestling with his personal demons and becoming obsessed with a hauntingly beautiful woman.
A retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping to find closure for one of his past unresolved homicide cases and for his unreciprocated love with his superior - both of which still haunt him decades later.
A spy recently disavowed by the U.S. government uses his special ops training to help others in trouble.
A look at the lives of young FBI recruits training at the Quantico base in Virginia when one of them is suspected of being a sleeper terrorist.
"An unassuming office worker is arrested and stands trial, but he is never made aware of his charges."
"An altar boy is accused of murdering a priest, and the truth is buried several layers deep."
Two female British code breakers team with American cryptographers to solve a series of murders in San Francisco.
Seattle cop Lon McQ investigates the murder of his best friend and the corruption within the police department.
A rocket scientist in 1940s Los Angeles is secretly the disciple of occultist Aleister Crowley.
"When Seth receives a mysterious letter inviting him to spend the weekend at a secluded mansion in the country, he soon realizes the people inside the house may know him better than he knows himself."
"The discovery of a severed human ear found in a field leads a young man on an investigation related to a beautiful, mysterious nightclub singer and a group of psychopathic criminals who have kidnapped her child."
A toon-hating detective is a cartoon rabbit's only hope to prove his innocence when he is accused of murder.
A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder.
"As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen -- one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy -- investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice."
"The Closer (2005) spin-off series, which follows Captain Raydor of the Los Angeles Police Department."
A man trapped in a car wreck at the bottom of a ravine must overcome incredible odds to survive.
Twins journey to the Middle East to discover their family history and fulfill their mother's last wishes.
"A high school senior finds herself immersed in an online game of truth or dare, where her every move starts to become manipulated by an anonymous community of ""watchers."""
A man seeks out his exact look-alike after spotting him in a movie.
When disgraced New York Times reporter Michael Finkel meets accused killer Christian Longo - who has taken on Finkel's identity - his investigation morphs into a game of cat-and-mouse.
A crew of high-tech crooks attempt to steal from wealthy criminals and corrupt businessmen.
"Following the death of a publishing tycoon, news reporters scramble to discover the meaning of his final utterance."
Detective Harry Hole investigates the disappearance of a woman whose scarf is found wrapped around an ominous-looking snowman.
"From the moment the new reverend climbs the pulpit, Liz knows she and her family are in great danger."
"It's 1969 at a strict English girls' school where charismatic Abbie and intense and troubled Lydia are best friends. After a tragedy occurs at the school, a mysterious fainting epidemic breaks out threatening the stability of all involved."
A blind woman's relationship with her husband changes when she regains her sight and discovers disturbing details about themselves.
"After a wealthy banker is given an opportunity to participate in a mysterious game, his life is turned upside down when he becomes unable to distinguish between the game and reality."
"Ben Matlock is a very expensive criminal defense attorney, who charges one hundred thousand dollars to take a case. Fortunately, he's worth every penny, as he and his associates defend his clients by finding the real killer."
"A police detective, a bank robber, and a high-power broker enter high-stakes negotiations after the criminal's brilliant heist spirals into a hostage situation."
"A bit of an outsider struggling to fit into her new surroundings, Nancy and her pals set out to solve a mystery, make new friends, and establish their place in the community."
"In the bleak days of the Cold War, espionage veteran George Smiley (Gary Oldman) is forced from semi-retirement to uncover a Soviet Agent within MI6."
"Working for the F.B.I., a mathematician uses equations to help solve various crimes."
War veteran turned private detective Cormoran Strike solves brutal murders with the help of his trusted assistant Robin Ellacott.
Former professional hockey player Matt Shade partners with private eye Angie Everett to solve crimes around Toronto.
"In Paris in 1931, an orphan named Hugo Cabret, who lives in the walls of a train station, is wrapped up in a mystery involving his late father and an automaton."
A historian races to find the legendary Templar Treasure before a team of mercenaries.
U.S. Marshall Mary Shannon must hunt down witnesses for federal cases in the witness protection program while also managing rather dysfunctional family and her own personal life.
A Cambridgeshire clergyman finds himself investigating a series of mysterious wrongdoings in his small village of Grantchester.
Suburban mom Allison DuBois attempts to balance family life with solving mysteries using her special gift. The dead send her visions of their deaths or other crimes while she sleeps.
"The Philadelphia homicide squad's lone female detective finds her calling when she's assigned ""cold cases"", older crimes that have never been solved."
"When Jason Bourne is framed for a CIA operation gone awry, he is forced to resume his former life as a trained assassin to survive."
C.S.I. head Detective Mac Taylor and his team solve crimes in New York City.
A Hollywood fixer in the 1950s works to keep the studio's stars in line.
"A brilliant and charismatic, yet psychotic serial killer communicates with other active serial killers and activates a cult of believers following his every command."
"Stranded at a desolate Nevada motel during a nasty rain-storm, ten strangers become acquainted with each other when they realize that they're being killed off one by one."
"Inspector Morse has an ear for music, a taste for beer, and a nose for crime. He sets out with Sergeant Lewis to solve each intriguing case."
A true-crime satire that explores the aftermath of a costly high school prank that left twenty-seven faculty cars vandalized with phallic images.
A traveling theater company gives its audience much more than they were expecting.
"Cardinal struggles to right past wrongs that could derail his investigation and end his career, as the case grows more violent and twisted, and the clock ticks down on the killer's next victim."
"About Cal Lightman, the world's leading deception expert who studies facial expressions and involuntary body language to expose the truth behind the lies."
"Two years after the bachelor party in Las Vegas, Phil, Stu, Alan, and Doug jet to Thailand for Stu's wedding. Stu's plan for a subdued pre-wedding brunch, however, goes seriously awry."
A journalist investigates a series of murders near American-owned factories on the border of Juarez and El Paso.
"A noir crime drama set in Aberystwyth, Wales, where troubled DCI Tom Mathias solves murders while searching for redemption."
"Fresh out of the farm, Annie Walker must adapt to the challenging life of a CIA operative under the guidance of her handler, Auggie. But soon she realizes her recruit might have to do with her last boyfriend rather than her talent."
"After a bizarre encounter at a party, a jazz saxophonist is framed for the murder of his wife and sent to prison, where he inexplicably morphs into a young mechanic and begins leading a new life."
"Midnight is a safe haven for those who are different, but with the presence of outsiders, the residents band together and form a strong and unlikely family."
"As Hercule Poirot (Sir Peter Ustinov) enjoys a luxurious cruise down the Nile, a newlywed heiress is found murdered on board. Can Poirot identify the killer before the ship reaches the end of its journey?"
"In an isolated hospital in the high ranges of Kerala, an autistic patient with special skills piques the interest of a psychiatrist, whose investigation into her past leads to startling revelations."
"The streets of Whitechapel are the haunt of Detective Inspector Edmund Reid and his team of officers, who aim to maintain law and order in a place once terrorized by Jack the Ripper."
"Working from his home in a converted windmill, Jonathan Creek is a magician with a natural ability for solving puzzles. He soon puts this ability to the use of solving impossible crimes and mysterious murders."
"Kevin's mother struggles to love her strange child, despite the increasingly dangerous things he says and does as he grows up. But Kevin is just getting started, and his final act will be beyond anything anyone imagined."
"Novelist Catherine Tramell is once again in trouble with the law, and Scotland Yard appoints psychiatrist Dr. Michael Glass to evaluate her. Though, like Detective Nick Curran before him, Glass is entranced by Tramell and lured into a seductive game."
A detective searches for the body of a femme fatale which has gone missing from a morgue.
"A murder mystery brings together a private eye, a struggling actress, and a thief masquerading as an actor."
Two detectives work together to take down a serial killer operating on both sides of the Texas-Chihuahua border.
"February 12 is just another day in Sam's charmed life, until it turns out to be her last. Stuck reliving her last day over and over, Sam untangles the mystery around her death and discovers everything she's losing."
"In 1980 New York, three young men who were all adopted meet each other and find out they're triplets who were separated at birth. But their quest to find out why turns into a bizarre and sinister mystery."
Inspector Robert Lewis and Sergeant James Hathaway solve the tough cases that the learned inhabitants of Oxford throw at them.
A CIA interrogator is lured into a ruse that puts London at risk of a biological attack.
"Ten strangers are invited to an island by a mysterious host, and start to get killed one by one. Could one of them be the killer?"
"Fascinated by gorgeous Mrs. Bannister, seaman Michael O'Hara joins a bizarre yachting cruise, and ends up mired in a complex murder plot."
A young lawyer joins a prestigious law firm only to discover that it has a sinister dark side.
Jason Bourne dodges a ruthless C.I.A. official and his Agents from a new assassination program while searching for the origins of his life as a trained killer.
The cases of an FBI unit specializing in missing persons investigations.
"Dr. Mark Sloan has a knack for getting into trouble, negotiating the twists and turns of mysteries and solving crimes with the help of his son, Steve, a homicide detective."
"Set in the fictional East Coast suburb Pine Valley, All My Children is the decades-old, risk-taking soap that centers around Erica Kane and her long line of husbands."
Two Los Angeles homicide detectives are dispatched to a northern town where the sun doesn't set to investigate the methodical murder of a local teen.
"Commissioner Martin Beck and his eccentric partner Gunvald Larsson investigate murders in Stockholm, Sweden."
"An all guts, no glory San Francisco cop becomes determined to find the underworld kingpin that killed the witness in his protection."
A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction.
"A pie-maker, with the power to bring dead people back to life, solves murder mysteries with his alive-again childhood sweetheart, a cynical private investigator, and a lovesick waitress."
"A man with diagnosis of Alzheimer's, decides to punish the criminals."
Romance and suspense ensue in Paris as a woman is pursued by several men who want a fortune her murdered husband had stolen. Whom can she trust?
Christmas 1954. Wealthy philanthropist Rachel Argyll is murdered at her family estate Sunny Point. Her adopted son Jack Argyll is arrested for her murder. He vehemently protests his innocence.
Intrepid reporter Tintin and Captain Haddock set off on a treasure hunt for a sunken ship commanded by Haddock's ancestor.
A bank executive receives an anonymous phone call informing him he has just a few hours to obtain a large amount of money or a bomb under his seat will explode.
"A tight-knit team of rising investigators, along with their supervisor, is suddenly torn apart when they discover that one of their own teenage daughters has been brutally murdered."
"In 1926, with her personal life in tatters and her writing in crisis, a young Agatha Christie decides to solve a real-life murder."
The incredible story of amateur sailor Donald Crowhurst and his solo attempt to circumnavigate the globe. The struggles he confronted on the journey while his family awaited his return is one of the most enduring mysteries of recent times.
"Two down-on-their-luck guys decide to fake their own deaths and start over with new identities, only to find the people they're pretending to be are in even deeper trouble."
The globe-trotting adventures of amateur detectives Jonathan and Jennifer Hart.
The lives of upstairs guests and downstairs servants at a party in 1932 in a country house in England as they investigate a murder involving one of them.
"The tenacious and stubborn DCI Banks unravels disturbing murder mysteries aided by his young assistants, DS Annie Cabbot and DI Helen Morton."
"As a 1950s suburban community self-destructs, a home invasion has sinister consequences for one seemingly normal family."
A quadriplegic ex-homicide detective and his female partner try to track down a serial killer who is terrorizing New York City.
"Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance."
"During the Great Depression, an Oklahoma farm boy and a charismatic minister learn that they are key players in a proxy war being fought between Heaven and Hell."
An investigation into a government cover-up leads to a network of abandoned train tunnels deep beneath the heart of Sydney. As a journalist and her crew hunt for the story it quickly becomes clear the story is hunting them.
"A group of friends suffer a yachting accident and take refuge on a cruise drifting on the open sea, but quickly realize they were better off on the upturned yacht"
"Garden gnomes, Gnomeo and Juliet, recruit renowned detective Sherlock Gnomes to investigate the mysterious disappearance of other garden ornaments."
A teen living under house arrest becomes convinced his neighbor is a serial killer.
"When a congressional aide is killed, a Washington D.C. journalist starts investigating the case involving the congressman, his old college friend."
"Three retired police officers are drafted in to solve cold cases, with a touch of comedy and drama"
A young woman's world unravels when a drug prescribed by her psychiatrist has unexpected side effects.
"The investigations of Hawaii Five-0, an elite branch of the Hawaii State Police answerable only to the governor and headed by stalwart Steve McGarrett."
Russell Poole and Jack Jackson investigate the murders of rappers Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac Shakur.
"A woman framed for her husband's murder suspects he is still alive; as she has already been tried for the crime, she can't be re-prosecuted if she finds and kills him."
A lonely art expert working for a mysterious and reclusive heiress finds not only her art worth examining.
A Transsiberian train journey from China to Moscow becomes a thrilling chase of deception and murder when an American couple encounters a mysterious pair of fellow travelers.
Chief Inspector Jules Maigret hunts for a serial killer.
"Inspector John Marlott investigates a series of crimes in 19th Century London, which may have been committed by a scientist intent on re-animating the dead."
A secret Service agent and a news reporter investigate the conspiracy behind the assassination of the President.
"Five married guys conspire to secretly share a penthouse loft in the city--a place where they can carry out hidden affairs and indulge in their deepest fantasies. But the fantasy becomes a nightmare when they discover the dead body of an unknown woman in the loft, and they realize one of the group must be involved."
"In a story depicted in oil painted animation, a young man comes to the last hometown of painter Vincent van Gogh to deliver the troubled artist's final letter and ends up investigating his final days there."
"Two F.B.I. Agents, with wildly different styles, arrive in Mississippi to investigate the disappearance of some civil rights activists."
A psychological thriller based on the infamous 1892 murders of the Borden family.
When their adopted mother is gunned down in a store robbery the 'four brothers' investigated the murder for themselves & look for the killers but not all is what it seems.
A movie sound recordist accidentally records the evidence that proves that a car accident was actually murder and consequently finds himself in danger.
A smooth-talking private eye is assigned the task of investigating who is behind the hi-tech computer technology leaks to the Russians.
"The last surviving child of the Russian Royal Family joins two con men to reunite with her grandmother, the Dowager Empress, while the undead Rasputin seeks her death."
John River is a brilliant police inspector whose genius lies side-by-side with the fragility of his mind. He is a man haunted by the murder victims whose cases he must lay to rest.
"Apartment building superintendent Cleveland Heep rescues what he thinks is a young woman from the pool he maintains. When he discovers that she is actually a character from a bedtime story who is trying to make the journey back to her home, he works with his tenants to protect his new friend from the creatures that are determined to keep her in our world."
"Libby Day was only eight years old when her family was brutally murdered in their rural Kansas farmhouse. Almost thirty years later, she reluctantly agrees to revisit the crime and uncovers the wrenching truths that led up to that tragic night."
An Interpol agent attempts to expose a high-profile financial institution's role in an international arms dealing ring.
"Carrie Wells, a former police detective, has a rare ability to remember virtually everything she experiences including detailed visual recall. She returns to police work and uses her ability to solve crimes."
"A ""sexy, brilliant"" Boston medical examiner. Despite a checkered career, Dr. Jordan Cavanaugh goes above and beyond to solve cases."
Special agent Avery Ryan works to solve crimes as a CyberPsychologist for the FBI.
"Rick Hunter is a renegade cop who breaks the rules and takes justice into his own hands. Partnered with the equally stunning and rebellious Sgt. McCall, the tough-minded duo set out to crack down on L.A.'s slimiest criminals."
"A depressed homemaker learns that her husband was killed in a car accident the previous day, then awakens the next morning to find him alive and well at home; then awakens the day after that to find that he's dead."
An FBI profiler is called in by French Canadian police to catch a serial killer who takes on the identity of each new victim.
"In a small Korean province in 1986, three detectives struggle with the case of multiple young women being found raped and murdered by an unknown culprit."
"Lone-wolf detective Angie Tribeca and a squad of committed LAPD detectives investigate the most serious cases, from the murder of a ventriloquist to a rash of baker suicides."
A police detective investigates the truth behind his partner's death. The mysterious case reveals disturbing police corruption and a dangerous secret involving an unlikely young woman.
"Dr Lucien Blake left Ballarat as a young man. But now he finds himself returning, to take over not only his dead father's medical practice, but also his on-call role as the town's police surgeon."
"When the police in a German city are unable to catch a child-murderer, other criminals join in the manhunt."
"Pulp novelist Holly Martins travels to shadowy, postwar Vienna, only to find himself investigating the mysterious death of an old friend, Harry Lime."
A psychic works with the F.B.I in order to hunt down a serial killer.
"In Agatha Christie's most twisted tale, a spy-turned-private-detective is lured by his former lover to catch her grandfather's murderer before Scotland Yard exposes dark family secrets."
The cases of an easy going ex-convict turned private investigator.
"An air marshal springs into action during a transatlantic flight after receiving a series of text messages demanding $150 million into an off-shore account, or someone will die every 20 minutes."
"A widower is determined to get to the bottom of a potentially explosive secret involving his wife's murder, big business, and corporate corruption."
An overstressed suburbanite and his fellow neighbors are convinced that the new family on the block are part of a murderous Satanic cult.
A successful writer in the midst of a painful divorce is stalked at his remote lake house by a would-be scribe who accuses him of plagiarism.
"In 1952, four women who worked at the wartime code-breaking centre, Bletchley Park, reunite to track down a serial killer."
The rivalry between the manipulative boss of an advertising agency and her talented protégée escalates from stealing credit to public humiliation to murder.
"Detective Inspector Mike Shepherd arrives on assignment in Brokenwood, a small town where memories - and animosities - run deep."
"A color-blind psychiatrist Bill Capa is stalked by an unknown killer after taking over his murdered friend's therapy group, all of whom have a connection to a mysterious young woman that Capa begins having intense sexual encounters with."
A Los Angeles detective seeks out the ruthless gang that stole his dog.
"In turn-of-the-century Vienna, a magician uses his abilities to secure the love of a woman far above his social standing."
"When an eccentric family meets in their uncle's remote, decaying mansion on the tenth anniversary of his death for the reading of his will, murder and madness follow."
"Shattered by the unexpected news of their irreversible break-up, an aspiring orchestra conductor is puzzled by his girlfriend's mysterious and seemingly inexplicable case of disappearance. But, can he look beyond the facts?"
"Series of unrelated short stories covering elements of crime, horror, drama, and comedy about people of different backgrounds committing murders, suicides, thefts, and other sorts of crime caused by certain motivations, perceived or not."
"After an all-night adventure, Quentin's lifelong crush, Margo, disappears, leaving behind clues that Quentin and his friends follow on the journey of a lifetime."
"A smart alecky San Francisco, California cop and his get rich quick scheme of a partner keep tabs on crime and take down the bad guys in the Bay Area."
An examination of the machinations behind the scenes at a real estate office.
"Set in 1950s Tuscany, Voice from the Stone is the haunting and suspenseful story of Verena, a solemn nurse drawn to aid a young boy who has fallen silent since the sudden passing of his mother."
A blind musician hears a murder committed in the apartment upstairs from hers that sends her down a dark path into London's gritty criminal underworld.
A grief-stricken mother takes on the LAPD to her own detriment when it tries to pass off an obvious impostor as her missing child.
The Maryhill CID investigates gruesome murders against the bleak backdrop of the city of Glasgow.
"Suspecting her husband of infidelity, gynecologist Dr. Catherine Stewart hires an escort named Chloe in order to test his faithfulness. Soon, the relationships between all three intensify."
A woman filming a documentary on childhood rape victims starts to question the nature of her childhood relationship with her riding instructor and running coach.
Gambler Jake Green enters into a game with potentially deadly consequences.
A homicide detective brings his partner out of retirement to help catch a serial killer whose crimes are based on the children's game Hangman.
A teenage loner pushes his way into the underworld of a high school crime ring to investigate the disappearance of his ex-girlfriend.
A coverup and witchhunt occur after a politician accidentally kills his mistress.
"A mystery series created by author Harlan Coben. Jesse, a five-year-old boy, goes missing. Twenty years later, his DNA shows up at a crime scene."
Two pairs of lovers on a Hawaiian vacation discover that psychopaths are stalking and murdering tourists on the islands.
"A private investigator is hired to discover if a ""snuff film"" is authentic or not."
A writer at the peak of his literary success discovers the steep price he must pay for stealing another man's work.
"Two policemen see their personal and professional lives fall apart in the wake of the ""Black Dahlia"" murder investigation."
A Catholic school principal questions a priest's ambiguous relationship with a troubled young student.
Benjamin Gates must follow a clue left in John Wilkes Booth's diary to prove his ancestor's innocence in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
The quirky cases of a former model and a smart aleck detective who manage a private detective agency.
"The series follows Frankie Drake, a female private detective operating in Toronto in the 1920s."
"A woman, along with her lover, plans to con a rich man by marrying him, earning his trust, and then running away with all his money. Everything goes as planned until she falls in love with him."
"In the police investigation of a brutal crime scene, one man was at the center of it all: legendary porn star John Holmes."
Maigret investigates the random murders of a Countess and a showgirl and discovers a dark secret that links their past lives at the Grand Hotel in Nice.
"A rare book dealer, while seeking out the last two copies of a demon text, gets drawn into a conspiracy with supernatural overtones."
A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settlement of Lago and is hired to bring the townsfolk together in an attempt to hold off three outlaws who are on their way.
"Haunted by painful memories and increasing paranoia, a damaged woman struggles to re-assimilate with her family after fleeing an abusive cult."
"Following the death of her father, Alice (Ruth Wilson) returns to her home village for the first time in 15 years, to claim the tenancy to the family farm she believes is rightfully hers."
A Witness Protection specialist becomes suspicious of his co-workers when dealing with a case involving high-tech weapons.
"A lonely construction worker from China goes missing at a Singapore land reclamation site, and a sleepless police investigator must put himself in the mind of the migrant to uncover the truth beneath all that sand."
"Juggling angry Russians, the British Mi5, and an international terrorist, debonair art dealer and part-time rogue Charlie Mortdecai races to recover a stolen painting rumored to contain a code that leads to lost gold."
Centers on the rich Cryer and Harrington families (the haves) and the poor Young family (the have nots) whose lives intertwine when Candace Young begins working for the Cryers.
A Florida police chief must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion.
A suicidal American befriends a Japanese man lost in a forest near Mt. Fuji and the two search for a way out.
"During a rural summer picnic, a few students and a teacher from an Australian girls' school vanish without a trace. Their absence frustrates and haunts the people left behind."
"A paranoid, secretive surveillance expert has a crisis of conscience when he suspects that a couple, on whom he is spying, will be murdered."
"A woman is kidnapped by a stranger on a routine flight. Threatened by the potential murder of her father, she is pulled into a plot to assist her captor in offing a politician."
"Two streetwise cops bust criminals in their red-and-white Ford Torino, with the help of police snitch, Huggy Bear."
A reporter returns to his Florida hometown to investigate a case involving a death row inmate.
A troubled woman living in an isolated community finds herself pulled between the control of her oppressive family and the allure of a secretive outsider suspected of a series of brutal murders.
Bumbling Inspector Clouseau must solve the murder of a famous soccer coach and find out who stole the infamous Pink Panther diamond.
"A dark thriller centering on Detective Superintendent Elizabeth Bancroft, a female detective with an explosive secret."
"Mannix worked originally for Wickersham at Intertect and then struck out on his own, assisted by Peggy Fair (whose cop-husband had been killed) and Police Department contact Tobias."
"Journalist Gary Webb, California 1996, started investigating CIA's role in the 1980s in getting crack cocaine to the black part of LA to get money and weapons to the Contras/freedom fighters in Nicaragua."
"Set in the intensely secretive world of intelligence and the enigmatic US/Australia joint defence facility in central Australia, the spy-thriller Pine Gap delves into the famously strong alliance between the two countries."
A case of mistaken identity lands Slevin into the middle of a war being plotted by two of the city's most rival crime bosses: The Rabbi and The Boss. Slevin is under constant surveillance by relentless Detective Brikowski as well as the infamous assassin Goodkat and finds himself having to hatch his own ingenious plot to get them before they get him.
"Thriller set in the world of Forensic Pathology. Coroner Paul Herzfeld finds a capsule in the head of a heavily mutilated corpse, containing a phone number and single word: the name of his daughter."
A lawyer becomes a target by a corrupt politician and his N.S.A. goons when he accidentally receives key evidence to a serious politically motivated crime.
Plot undisclosed.
"A man awakens from a coma, only to discover that someone has taken on his identity and that no one, (not even his wife), believes him. With the help of a young woman, he sets out to prove who he is."
"Two melancholy Hong Kong policemen fall in love: one with a mysterious female underworld figure, the other with a beautiful and ethereal server at a late-night restaurant he frequents."
A small-time grifter and nightclub tout takes advantage of some fortuitous circumstances and tries to become a big-time player as a wrestling promoter.
An agoraphobic psychologist and a female detective must work together to take down a serial killer who copies serial killers from the past.
"A bookish CIA researcher finds all his co-workers dead, and must outwit those responsible until he figures out who he can really trust."
"DI Jack Frost is an unconventional policeman with sympathy for the underdog and an instinct for moral justice. Sloppy, disorganized and disrespectful, he attracts trouble like a magnet."
"When a family is held hostage, former hostage negotiator Jeff Talley arrives at the scene. Talley's own family is kidnapped and Talley must decide which is more important: saving a family he doesn't even know or saving his own family."
A law school graduate becomes the protégée of a successful high-stakes litigator.
The Cotswolds-based PR guru turned amateur sleuth returns for a series of comedic murder-mysteries based on the books by M.C. Beaton.
A self-conscious woman juggles adjusting to her new role as an aristocrat's wife and avoiding being intimidated by his first wife's spectral presence.
"On a tireless quest to find his missing daughter Jody, Nelly will go to any length to uncover the truth and he'll discover more about himself and those around him than he could have ever ..."
"Dirty Harry Callahan must stop a sick secret contest to murder local celebrities, which includes himself as a target."
A retiring police detective pledges to catch the killer of a young child.
A private investigator in Los Angeles reluctantly teams up with a former star of a hit cop show.
"Jerry and Rachel are two strangers thrown together by a mysterious phone call from a woman they have never met. Threatening their lives and family, she pushes Jerry and Rachel into a series of increasingly dangerous situations, using the technology of everyday life to track and control their every move."
A mod London photographer finds something very suspicious in the shots he has taken of a mysterious beauty in a desolate park.
A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise.
"A ghost writer, hired to complete the memoirs of a former British Prime Minister, uncovers secrets that put his own life in jeopardy."
A young actor's obsession with spying on a beautiful woman who lives nearby leads to a baffling series of events with drastic consequences.
"New York City writing professor, Frannie Avery, has an affair with a police detective, who is investigating the murder of a beautiful young woman in her neighborhood."
"As computer hacker Lisbeth and journalist Mikael investigate a sex-trafficking ring, Lisbeth is accused of three murders, causing her to go on the run while Mikael works to clear her name."
"As an actress starts to adopt the persona of her character in a film, her world starts to become nightmarish and surreal."
A police homicide investigation unit investigates violent crimes in the city of Baltimore.
An insurance representative lets himself be talked into a murder/insurance fraud scheme that arouses the suspicion of an insurance investigator.
A young boy who witnessed the suicide of a mafia lawyer hires an attorney to protect him when the District Attorney tries to use him to take down a mob family.
"This anthology series is about powerful, sexy and dangerous women inspired by and styled in the tradition of pulp stories, film noir and graphic novels. The half-hour program features ..."
"In Victorian London, a Scotland Yard inspector hunts down the sadistic killer behind a series of gory, Jack the Ripper-Like murders."
"After her mother commits suicide, a young woman travels to Italy in search of love, truth and a deeper connection with herself."
"When Detective Mike Hoolihan is called to investigate the shooting of leading astrophysicist and black hole expert, Jennifer Rockwell, she is affected in ways she struggles to comprehend."
"British crime investigation series based around aristocratic, Oxford-educated Detective Inspector Thomas Lynley and his working-class assistant Sergeant Barbara Havers."
"A woman tries to straighten out her life, even as her past as a con-woman comes back to haunt her."
An Alaska State Trooper partners with a young woman who escaped the clutches of serial killer Robert Hansen to bring the murderer to justice. Based on actual events.
"Walter Sparrow becomes obsessed with a novel that he believes was written about him. As his obsession increases, more and more similarities seem to arise."
The story of a depressed man who inexplicably is the only one who can see his neighbor's dog as a full grown man in a dog suit.
A young writer who follows strangers for material meets a thief who takes him under his wing.
A defense attorney works to get his teenage client acquitted of murdering his wealthy father.
"The adventures of Carmen Sandiego, a globe-hopping master thief."
"A private detective takes on a case that involves him with three eccentric criminals, a gorgeous liar, and their quest for a priceless statuette."
"In Manhattan, Eurasian acting student Julia Chamonix (Ha Phuong) is unable to enjoy the privileged life she shares with her doting father (Andrew McCarthy). Haunted by the tragic early ..."
"Letty Raines is a thief and con artist whose life is always one wrong turn, one bad decision, from implosion. Which is just how she likes it. Fresh out of prison, she's attempting to stay ..."
"A young Englishman plots revenge against his late cousin's mysterious, beautiful wife, believing her responsible for his death. But his feelings become complicated as he finds himself falling under the beguiling spell of her charms."
"A British mystery author visits her publisher's home in the South of France, where her interaction with his unusual daughter sets off some touchy dynamics."
A retired military investigator works with a police detective to uncover the truth behind his son's disappearance following his return from a tour of duty in Iraq.
"The murder of a female GP in a rural playground in front of numerous witnesses draws a group of detectives into an ever-darkening mystery that takes them across Europe, aided by mysterious notes sent by the ""Ghost Detective""."
A model discovers her neighbor is keen on invading people's privacy.
"A single mother is swept into a dark underworld, while her teenage son discovers a road that leads him to a secret underwater town."
"A couple buy a desert motel where they find that strange, mysterious events occur."
An art auctioneer becomes mixed up with a group of criminals partners with a hypnotherapist in order to recover a lost painting.
"An accountant is introduced to a mysterious sex club known as The List by his lawyer friend. But in this new world, he soon becomes the prime suspect in a woman's disappearance and a multi-million dollar heist."
A retired jewel thief sets out to prove his innocence after being suspected of returning to his former occupation.
"In a desperate attempt to prove his innocence, a skilled police negotiator accused of corruption and murder takes hostages in a government office to gain the time he needs to find the truth."
"A detective in post-Katrina New Orleans has a series of surreal encounters with a troop of friendly Confederate soldiers while investigating serial killings of local prostitutes, a 1965 lynching, and corrupt local businessmen."
The disappearance of a baby from a small coastal town in Australia is the catalyst for a journey into the disintegrating psychology of a young couple as they deal with an unthinkable ...
N/A
A private detective specializing in missing children is charged with the task of finding a special child who dark forces want to eliminate.
The lives and trials of the staff of a major hospital in Chicago.
"A bald, lollipop sucking police detective with a fiery righteous attitude battles crime in his city."
The old gang comes together during the holidays after a mystery assailant targets one of their own.
"Two gifted high school students execute a ""perfect"" murder - then become engaged in an intellectual contest with a seasoned homicide detective."
Dirty Harry is on the trail of vigilante cops who are not above going beyond the law to kill the city's undesirables.
A woman faces deadly consequences for abandoning her loving relationship with her boyfriend to pursue exciting sexual scenarios with a mysterious celebrity mountaineer.
A young girl is found hanged in a theater.
A woman suffering from amnesia begins to recover her memories after trouble from her past finds her again.
When Nicole comes in contact with Father Anton (Corneliu Ulici) more and more inexplicable events occur. The pair begin to believe that the priest lost the battle with a demon.
"With the help of DS John Bacchus, Inspector George Gently spends his days bringing to justice members of the criminal underworld who are unfortunate enough to have the intrepid investigator assigned to their cases."
"A visiting city reporter's assignment suddenly revolves around the murder trial of a local millionaire, whom he befriends."
"A happily married professor, known for having many affairs with students, becomes the prime suspect when a young woman has gone missing."
"While on a grand world tour, The Muppets find themselves wrapped into an European jewel-heist caper headed by a Kermit the Frog look-alike and his dastardly sidekick."
Police hunting for a serial kidnapper are helped when a victim manages to escape for the first time.
A feisty Vancouver homicide detective tracks down the most cunning of killers by trying to figure out the often unexpected motive to the crime.
Two men attempt to prove they committed the perfect crime by hosting a dinner party after strangling their former classmate to death.
"As the extremely withdrawn Don Johnston is dumped by his latest woman, he receives an anonymous letter from a former lover informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. A freelance sleuth neighbor moves Don to embark on a cross-country search for his old flames in search of answers."
"When a bank is hit by a brutal heist, all evidence points to the owner and his high-powered clients. But as a group of FBI agents dig deeper into the case - and the deadly heists continue - it becomes clear that a larger conspiracy is at play."
"A law firm brings in its ""fixer"" to remedy the situation after a lawyer has a breakdown while representing a chemical company that he knows is guilty in a multibillion-dollar class action suit."
"When Lila, a celebrated but fame-weary and amnesiac singer forgets how to perform, super-fan Violeta steps in to teach Lila how to be Lila once again."
An orphaned teenager is taken in by a Malibu couple but discovers they aren't the caring friends they seemed to be.
Four Latina maids with ambition and dreams of their own work for the rich and famous in Beverly Hills.
"In a hotel room in Paris, a doctor comes out of the shower and finds that his wife has disappeared. He soon finds himself caught up in a world of intrigue, espionage, gangsters, drugs and murder."
"A father and daughter are caught in a parallel universe where the great queens Snow White, Cinderella, and Little Red Riding Hood have had their kingdoms fragmented by warring trolls, giants and goblins."
"After their friend dies, three men decide to fulfill their childhood dream by going on a camping expedition for the lost D. B. Cooper bounty, with calamitous results."
"Desperate measures are taken by a man who tries to save his family from the dark side of the law, after they commit an unexpected crime."
"A forensic neuro-psychiatrist reluctantly enters a dangerous and violent world of mistaken identity, police corruption and mental illness."
"A bereaved woman and her daughter are flying home from Berlin to America. At 30,000 feet, the child vanishes, and nobody will admit she was ever on the plane."
"Irwin M. ""Fletch"" Fletcher is a newspaper reporter being offered a large sum to off a cancerous millionaire, but is on the run, risking his job and finding clues when it's clear the man is healthy."
A detective investigating a series of murders becomes involved with a woman who may be the culprit.
"A teenage hustler and a young man obsessed with alien abductions cross paths, together discovering a horrible, liberating truth."
Two female police detectives cooperate with each other both in their professions and in their personal lives.
A weekly documentary in which two Hollywood special effects experts attempt to debunk urban legends by directly testing them.
"A U.S. Army officer, despondent about a deadly mistake he made, investigates a female chopper commander's worthiness for the Medal of Honor."
A truck driver plays a cat-and-mouse game with a mysterious serial killer on a desolate Australian highway.
"Sidney Hall finds accidental success and unexpected love at an early age, then disappears without a trace."
Each season of this multi award winning Television series takes you through a 13 episode run in the rise and fall of real life Australian underworld figures as told from both sides of the ...
A woman struggles to find a way to live her life after the death of her husband and child.
"A chance romance between two men from very different worlds, one from the headquarters of the Secret Intelligence Service, the other from a world of clubbing and youthful excess, leads into mystery after one of them is found murdered."
Dr. Daniel Pierce is an eccentric neuropsychiatrist who uses his unique outlook to help the federal government solve complex criminal cases.
"Faith, a small-town Welsh lawyer, is forced to cut short her extended maternity leave when her husband and business partner, Evan, goes missing. As the truth of his actions surface, Faith must fight to protect her family and her sanity."
"Former soldier and policeman, Jackson Brodie, becomes a private investigator."
"Billie Blessings has gone from beloved chef, restaurant owner, and morning show segment host to #1 suspect in a murder case when one of the executives at the network dies from poisoning. ..."
A crusty barrister oversees difficult criminal cases while dealing with the demands of his family life.
The series primarily focuses on the daily lives of Victorian police officers working at a police station in the fictional small town of Mount Thomas.
"Centered around a personally troubled, officially discredited police chief and his inharmonious police team in Ankara Police Force. Even though the show usually focuses on murders and other..."
"After his friend is murdered, a Washington, D.C. teenager undertakes his own investigation of the crime."
"A nine-year-old amateur inventor, Francophile, and pacifist searches New York City for the lock that matches a mysterious key left behind by his father, who died in the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001."
"Gordon invents the Rememory machine that allows him to see memories as they actually were. He dies in his office. Is it murder? Sam investigates by using the machine ""borrowed"" from Gordon's wife. He looks at memories of others involved."
An archeologist travels around the world looking for unknown and missing artifacts from throughout time.
A teenager finds her perfect life upended when she's stalked by a mysterious doppelganger who has her eyes set on assuming her identity.
A married couple is terrorized by a series of surveillance videotapes left on their front porch.
A television show centered on a soul-searching Swedish cop.
"Soon after moving into their seemingly idyllic new home, a family learns of a brutal crime committed against former residents of the dwelling."
A surrogate mom for a couple becomes dangerously obsessed with the soon-to-be father.
A former boxing champion and his companions get caught up with Russian mobsters after he witnesses a crime.
An investigator from the War Crimes Commission travels to Connecticut to find an infamous Nazi.
"A young woman moves to 17th century Amsterdam and hires a mysterious local miniaturist to furnish the dollhouse she received from her merchant husband as present, but the lifelike miniatures somehow start eerily foreshadowing her fate."
"Stem cells, gene therapy, transplants, and cloning have changed the definition of ""humanity"" in the modern world, but the darker side contains monsters that only few are brave enough to face, because the future lies in their hands."
Two Detectives Jack and Georgina who share chemistry but have complicated personal lives.
"Within the course of one hour 5 stories are shown. None of these stories have any logical explanation, and some of them actually occurred. You are left to decide which of these stories, if ..."
The adventures of the archaeological treasure hunter in his youth as related by an elderly Indiana Jones.
"Supt. Dalziel and partner DI Pascoe investigate murders, and find a bond forming between them despite their blatantly differing personalities."
"A fast-tracked inspector, a hardened detective sergeant, and an expert in historical homicides investigate modern crimes with connections to the past in the Whitechapel district of London."
A female police detective investigates a series of serial murders while dealing with sexist hostility from her male comrades.
Jack Bauer comes out of hiding in London to head off a massive terrorist attack while being hunted down by American forces dispatched by President James Heller.
A Los Angeles socialite kills a man while home alone one night and claims he was an intruder she did not know. It seems like a clear case of self defense until the story hits the papers and people connected to the dead man come forward.
"A family relocates from the city to a dilapidated house in the country that was once a grand estate. As they begin renovations, they discover their new home harbors a secret and may not be completely free of its former inhabitant."
A journalist quits her newspaper job and becomes an arms dealer for a covert government agency.
A young woman is attracted to a man despite her thinking she's seen him kill someone.
"A story of two brothers torn from each other. Now on the opposite sides of the law, brothers Sarp and Mert are put against each other, unaware of their fraternity."
"Years after her aunt was murdered in her home, a young woman moves back into the house with her new husband. However, he has a secret that he will do anything to protect, even if it means driving his wife insane."
A motley group of London con artists pulls off a series of daring and intricate stings.
"Wallace and his loyal dog, Gromit, set out to discover the mystery behind the garden sabotage that plagues their village and threatens the annual giant vegetable growing contest."
"Tells the story of a young woman's relentless search for her fiancé, who has disappeared from the trenches of the Somme during World War One."
"A perfect red-colored violin inspires passion, making its way through three centuries over several owners and countries, eventually ending up at an auction where it may find a new owner."
A homicide detective is pushed to the brink of his moral and physical limits as he tangles with a ferociously skilled hired killer who specializes in torture and pain.
"An up-and-coming gangster is tested by the insurgence of an unknown, very powerful threat."
Four teenagers at a British private school secretly uncover and explore the depths of a sealed underground hole created decades ago as a possible bomb shelter.
A group of young backpackers' vacation turns sour when a bus accident leaves them marooned in a remote Brazilian rural area that holds an ominous secret.
"A sniper on a mercenary assassination team, kills the minister of mines of the Congo. Terrier's successful kill shot forces him into hiding. Returning to the Congo years later, he becomes the target of a hit squad himself."
"Chronicles the sexual awakening of the beautiful, but unfulfilled Ashley, when she discovers the popular erotic novel ""SLAVE"" by Nolan Keats, leading her fascination with the mysterious Mr...."
When slaughterhouse workers Endre and Mária discover they share the same dreams - where they meet in a forest as deer and fall in love - they decide to make their dreams come true but it's difficult in real life.
A short-term memory loss patient sets out on his journey to avenge the death of his beloved girl.
Private investigator Philip Marlowe helps a friend out of a jam then gets implicated in his wife's murder.
"Cassandra ""Cassy"" St. John and Tom Ryan are the new duo in town. It is now their job to catch the killers of Palm Beach. They are ex-partners, who got married, and then divorced. Now they ..."
An off the charts genius who is home schooled and shunned after his last relative dies shows the unconscious residents of his town about connection awareness and the generosity of the spirit.
A special task force in the FBI investigates after every person on Earth simultaneously blacks out and awakens with a short vision of their future.
"Police inspector Carl Mørck is put in charge of a department of cold cases, joined only by his assistant, Assad. They dig into a case about a disappeared woman."
"In 13th century Ireland, a group of monks must escort a sacred relic across an Irish landscape fraught with peril."
"Cevdet (Haluk Bilginer), a retired commissioner, and his wife spend their pensions in peace on a farm away from the city. Suddenly the life of the family is destroyed by the sudden arrival of a terrible news from the little son."
A wife and mother is consumed by the thought that her husband's co-worker is trying to win him away from her and their family.
"After a car accident, a young woman caught between life and death meets a funeral director who claims to have the gift of transitioning the dead into the afterlife."
The cases of a coroner who investigates suspicious deaths that usually suggest murder.
"Strange events happen in a small village in the north of Germany during the years before World War I, which seem to be ritual punishment. Who is responsible?"
"A man with the ability to enter people's memories takes on the case of a brilliant, troubled sixteen-year-old girl to determine whether she is a sociopath or a victim of trauma."
"In the context of a visit by the President of the United States to Mexico, there is a threat that China will attack his life. Policeman Filiberto is commissioned to avoid it, at any cost. ..."
