"A baby alligator is flushed down a Chicago toilet and survives by eating discarded laboratory rats injected with growth hormones. The small reptile grows gigantic, escapes the city sewers, and goes on a rampage."
A Harvard scientist conducts experiments on himself with a hallucinatory drug and an isolation chamber that may be causing him to regress genetically.
"A Los Angeles male escort, who mostly caters to an older female clientèle, is accused of a murder which he did not commit."
"A group of tourists become stranded on an uninhabited island where they are stalked by an insane, violent, and grotesque killer that slaughtered the town's former residents."
A relaxing Christmas vacation turns into a terrifying fight for survival as the children begin to turn on their parents.
"A toy factory worker, mentally scarred as a child upon learning Santa Claus is not real, suffers a nervous breakdown after being belittled at work, and embarks on a Yuletide killing spree."
A police detective goes undercover in the underground S&M gay subculture of New York City to catch a serial killer who is preying on gay men.
"Jewish brothers in Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe escape into the Belarussian forests, where they join Russian resistance fighters, and endeavor to build a village, in order to protect themselves and about one thousand Jewish non-combatants."
A man who has just embezzled money from his company is driving through the Nevada desert. He picks up a pretty girl and her seemingly goofy boyfriend. The girl is a Las Vegas showgirl and ...
Mentally tortured photojournalist attempts to track down his wife's murderer according to Leonard Maltins movies on tv
"A mysterious blonde woman kills one of a psychiatrist's patients, and then goes after the high-class call girl who witnessed the murder."
"A man's best friend is killed on the streets of New York City. The man (Robert Ginty) then transforms into a violent killer, turning New York City into a great war zone, and Christopher George is the only one to stop him."
"A shy, lonely film buff embarks on a killing spree against those who browbeat and betray him, all the while stalking his idol, a Marilyn Monroe lookalike."
"A police inspector, nearing retirement, tracks a serial killer who is terrorizing New York."
An unearthly fog rolls into a small coastal town exactly 100 years after a ship mysteriously sank in its waters.
"The synthetic fuel production formula, invented by the Nazis at the end of World War II, is sought after by some who aim to sell it, and by others who wish to destroy it."
"A group of camp counselors are stalked and murdered by an unknown assailant while trying to reopen a summer camp which, years before, was the site of a child's drowning."
Shortly after the launch of a satellite from a space shuttle the satellite collides with a UFO in front of the crew's eyes. Because of an election campaign some politicians try to hide the ...
"Martin, a mercenary, is sent from Europe by a mysterious biotech company to the Tasmanian wilderness on a hunt for the last Tasmanian tiger."
"Third and best known entry in the Mark IV series of fundamentalist apocalypse films. Fundamentalist Christian guerrilla David helps condemned dissidents escape, attempts to subvert the ..."
"A man living in a futuristic sterile colony begins to question his circumscribed existence when his friend is chosen to go to the Island, the last uncontaminated place on earth."
"A South American quasi-revolutionary/guerilla/terrorist and a misled, admiring girl compatriot manage to kidnap the U.S. President during a diplomatic visit to Toronto. With a nondescript ..."
"In the autumn of 1900, outlaw Claude Barbee puts his 'retirement plan' in action, attempting to lead his train-robbing gang across Texas to recover a cash stash hidden after a botched railroad heist."
"A seemingly friendly farmer and his sister kidnap unsuspecting travelers and bury them alive, using them to create the ""special meat"" they are famous for."
A new commanding officer arrives at a remote castle serving as an insane asylum for mentally ill and A.W.O.L. U.S. soldiers where he attempts to rehabilitate them by allowing them to live ...
A martial artist must defeat a plan by ninjas to create a worldwide training camp for terrorists.
"To obtain a supply of a rare mineral, a ship raising operation is conducted for the only known source, the R.M.S. Titanic."
"A low-ranking thug is entrusted by his crime boss to dispose of a gun that killed corrupt cops, but things get out of control when the gun ends up in wrong hands."
Two lovers stationed at a remote base in the asteroid fields of Saturn are intruded upon by a retentive technocrat from Earth and his charge: a malevolent eight foot robot.
"A fugitive stumbles on a movie set just when they need a new stunt man, takes the job as a way to hide out and falls for the leading lady."
"Three years after a prank that went terribly awry, the six college students responsible are targeted by a masked killer at a New Year's Eve party aboard a moving train."
A trio of female reporters find themselves staying overnight in a house occupied by a hostile being lurking in the basement.
"When a family moves to a country home, the young girls experience strange happenings that have a link to an occult event years past."
An ex-boxer is drifting around after escaping from the mental hospital. He meets a widow who convinces him to help fix up the neglected estate her ex-husband left. Her Uncle talks them both...
"A comic-book artist meets a woman on the NY streets, but after a quick flirtation, she suddenly collapses, and is picked-up by an old ambulance. He checks all the hospitals in the area, but the woman seems to have disappeared."
"Jack Cates once again enlists the aid of ex-con Reggie Hammond--this time, to take down The Iceman, a ruthless drug lord operating in the San Francisco bay area."
"A hard-nosed cop reluctantly teams up with a wise-cracking criminal temporarily paroled to him, in order to track down a killer."
A species of South American killer spider hitches a lift to the U.S. in a coffin and starts to breed and kill.
"In a dystopian world, a woman spends her time playing an illegal and dangerous game, hoping to find meaning in her world."
"Michael, a wimpy young executive, is about to get pulverized by a jealous boyfriend in a bar when a handsome, mysterious stranger steps in--and then disappears. Later that night, while ..."
A female rookie in the police force must engage in a cat-and-mouse game with a pistol-wielding psychopath who becomes obsessed with her.
Doctors Herbert West and Dan Cain discover the secret to creating human life and proceed to create a perfect woman from dead tissue.
"A witness to a mob assassination flees for her life from town to town, switching identities, but cannot seem to elude Milo, the chief killer out to get her."
A psychologist treats an 8 year old boy who witnessed his father's murder but the child blocks out details that could help the police.
A small town sheriff (Tom Skerritt) has his suspicions in a murder case which involves a rogue cop who goes on a murder spree. Contains mild sexual situations and violence.
A psychedelic mushroom trip turns a successful lawyer into a wanted man.
A brilliant scientist left for dead returns to exact revenge on the people who burned him alive.
"Chaank Armaments is experimenting with the ultimate fighting machine which is part human - part machine. So far, the Hardman project has been unreliable and has killed a number of innocent ..."
"In a violent and corrupt prison, decorated cop Louis Burke must infiltrate the jail to find answers to a number of inside murders. What he finds is a struggle of life and death tied in to his own past."
"When DEA agents are taken captive by a ruthless South American kingpin, the Delta Force is reunited to rescue them in this sequel to the 1986 film."
"An escaped con, on the run from the law, moves into a married couple's house and takes over their lives."
The comic strip detective finds his life vastly complicated when Breathless Mahoney makes advances towards him while he is trying to battle Big Boy Caprice's united mob.
"John McClane attempts to avert disaster as rogue military operatives seize control of Dulles International Airport in Washington, D.C."
A seeming good Samaritan (Debra Winger) hires a private detective (Nolte) to prove a teen sitting in prison on a murder charge is innocent. His investigation discovers deep corruption in a ...
"A dedicated L.A. police detective and a female psychic must stop a demonic serial killer who was given the powers of resurrection, teleportation and possession."
"Five medical students experiment with ""near death"" experiences, until the dark consequences of past tragedies begin to jeopardize their lives."
"Cold War drama about two gung-ho border commanders (Roy Scheider, Jurgen Prochnow) who carry out their own private war against each other on the German - Czechoslovakia border."
"After a young man is murdered, his spirit stays behind to warn his lover of impending danger, with the help of a reluctant psychic."
A small-time conman has torn loyalties between his estranged mother and new girlfriend--both of whom are high-stakes grifters with their own angles to play.
"Left for dead with his wife killed in their house, L.A. Detective Mason Storm will have to make a quick recovery, expose those behind the murder and take revenge."
"The head of a cyborg reactivates, rebuilds itself, and goes on a violent rampage in a space marine's girlfriend's apartment."
"Henry, a drifter, commits a series of brutal murders, supposedly operating with impunity."
"Upon arriving to a small town, a drifter quickly gets into trouble with the local authorities- and the local women- after he robs a bank."
"In November 1984, the Soviet Union's best submarine captain in their newest sub violates orders and heads for the U.S. Is he trying to defect or to start a war?"
An Internal Affairs agent becomes obsessed with bringing down a cop who has managed to maintain a spotless reputation despite being involved in a web of corruption.
"In the summer of 1989, a group of bullied kids band together to destroy a shape-shifting monster, which disguises itself as a clown and preys on the children of Derry, their small Maine town."
A drug kingpin is released from prison and seeks to take total control of the criminal underworld in order to give back to the community.
"Mercenary Gold is sent from the CIA to seize the laser expert Braun in Cuba, before the KGB catches him. A recently stolen giant diamond could be used together with Braun's knowledge to ..."
"Stranded on an island, a group of schoolboys degenerate into savagery."
A young psychiatric intern unearths secrets about the mental health facility in which he works.
"A supernatural, maniac killer cop teams up with a Times Square serial killer."
A retired DEA agent is out to hunt down and take out a Jamaican drug posse that has targeted he and his family for murder.
"A sci-fi fantasy about a world where it is illegal to enjoy any kind of media except in a place called Megaville. After catching a brutal killer named Jenson, the media police send an agent..."
A hitman heeds a spiritualist's prophesies that he will rise to the head of his family. He starts his ascension by clandestinely executing the heads of the family and casting the blame on ...
An ex-con's first act of freedom is moving to Miami where he restarts his old criminal ways with even more potency.
"After a famous author is rescued from a car crash by a fan of his novels, he comes to realize that the care he is receiving is only the beginning of a nightmare of captivity and abuse."
"A serial killer gets sent to a mental institution, but as his insidious presence cause the doctors and orderlies to receive strange visions, his psychiatrist tries to find out his true identity."
An unconventional corporate agent is given the task of shaping a group of violent criminals and technical wizards into a helicopter defense force assigned to protect a mining station on a remote moon.
A Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney is sent to protect a woman who accidentally witnessed a Mafia murder.
A Navy Seal team must set out to destroy a shipment of US-built Stinger missiles that have fallen into terrorist hands.
A security guard is hired to gather evidence of adultery against the wife of the rock star and ends up getting involved with her.
"A couple work hard to renovate their dream house and become landlords to pay for it. Unfortunately, one of their tenants has plans of his own."
N/A
A team of commandos on a mission in a Central American jungle find themselves hunted by an extraterrestrial warrior.
"As a lawyer investigates the murder of a colleague, he finds himself more connected to the crime than anyone else."
"The malevolent spirit of Mary Lou Maloney returns to Hamilton High, where she manipulates a naive male student into helping her wreak havoc on the school."
Norman Bates recalls his childhood with his abusive mother while fearing his unborn child will inherit his split personality disorder.
"A Phoenix secretary embezzles forty thousand dollars from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother."
"In the 1950's, a young boy living with his troublesome family in rural USA fantasizes that a neighboring widow is actually a vampire, responsible for a number of disappearances in the area."
An emotionally troubled young woman sets out to exact revenge against the people who wronged her father.
"Cyborg law enforcer RoboCop returns to protect the citizens of old Detroit but faces a deadly challenge when a rogue OCP member secretly creates a new, evil RoboCop 2."
"It is post-World War III. War is outlawed. In its place, are matches between large Robots called Robot Jox. These matches take place between two large superpowers over disputed territories...."
An expatriate British publisher unexpectedly finds himself working for British intelligence to investigate people in Russia.
"When you think you're at the top of the corporate ladder and then discover they have managed to pull that ladder away, sometimes you have to take it upon yourself to 'level' the playing ..."
An American journalist in Puerto Rico in 1978 investigates the death of nationalists who may have been murdered by the police.
A huge solar flare is predicted to fry the Earth. Astronauts must go to the Sun to drop a talking bomb (Freddy) at the right time so the flare will point somewhere else. Giant IXL Corp CEO ...
"A young man finds out that his parents had been used in an atomic-weapons experiment shortly before he was born, and that the results have had some unexpected effects on him."
A New York cop is recruited to return to his hometown and infiltrate the mob ran by his best friend's brother.
A young boy tells three stories of horror to distract a witch who plans to eat him.
"When a man goes for virtual vacation memories of the planet Mars, an unexpected and harrowing series of events forces him to go to the planet for real - or does he?"
A teenage girl is targeted by an online sexual predator.
"A private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder."
"Cristian, a young idealistic prosecutor whose career is on the rise, tries to crack a case against a senior colleague accused of corruption. The dilemma of choosing between his career and ..."
Young lovers Sailor and Lula run from the variety of weirdos that Lula's mom has hired to kill Sailor.
A man likes a woman at work. He sees her get murdered. He gets drunk and zapped at 12:01AM. Next morning she's back and everything is exactly like the day before. The time loops gives him chances to save her.
Futuristic action about a man who meets a clone of himself and stumbles into a grand conspiracy about clones taking over the world.
"UN's secretary general uses covert operations to help diplomacy along. Shaw's called back 6 months after one such operation. He witnesses the murder of Chinese UN ambassador at UN, NYC, chases the assassin and ends up a suspect."
A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Australian supermarket inside the building - along with 12-foot Great White Sharks.
"Vicenarian Richard travels to Thailand and finds himself in possession of a strange map. Rumours state that it leads to a solitary beach paradise, a tropical bliss. Excited and intrigued, he sets out to find it."
"Beat works as a promoter in Berlin's most famous techno club and does not miss a party himself. The european secret services recruit him as an undercover insider. Soon, he discovers the ..."
"A college dropout, attempting to win back his father's high standards he gets a job as a broker for a suburban investment firm, which puts him on the fast track to success, but the job might not be as legitimate as it once appeared to be."
"A group of tourists arrives in Burkittsville, Maryland after seeing The Blair Witch Project (1999) to explore the mythology and phenomenon, only to come face to face with their own neuroses and possibly the witch herself."
"A Japanese gangster is exiled to Los Angeles where his brother lives with a small but respectable multi-racial gang, who he inspires to expand their influence."
An insane independent film director and his renegade group of teenage filmmakers kidnap an A-list Hollywood actress and force her to star in their underground film.
"An F.B.I. Agent persuades a social worker, who is adept with a new experimental technology, to enter the mind of a comatose serial killer in order to learn where he has hidden his latest kidnap victim."
"In the small town of Cherry Falls, a psychotic murderer is killing off the virgins of the local high school."
"Senator Laine Hanson is a contender for U.S. Vice President, but information and disinformation about her past surfaces that threatens to derail her confirmation."
An orphaned dinosaur raised by lemurs joins an arduous trek to a sancturary after a meteorite shower destroys his family home.
"A group of thieves breaks into a chamber expecting to find paintings, but instead they release the count himself, who travels to New Orleans to find his nemesis' daughter, Mary Van Helsing."
"After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash, he prevents the accident only to have Death hunt them down, one by one."
"An accidental cross-time radio link connects father and son across 30 years. The son tries to save his father's life, but then must fix the consequences."
"A Las Vegas mob enforcer, travels back to his hometown to investigate his brothers' mysterious death."
A young married couple's lives are thrown into a harrowing tailspin when an acquaintance from the husband's past brings mysterious gifts and a horrifying secret to light after more than 20 years.
A retired master car thief must come back to the industry and steal fifty cars with his crew in one night to save his brother's life.
"Three college students base their class project around gossip and how fast it spreads, which soon spirals out of control."
"When the leader of a team of scientists volunteers to be the test subject for their experiment in human invisibility, he slowly unravels and turns against them, with horrific consequences."
"A mentally disturbed young woman takes a job at a posh country club and falls in with a clique of wealthy college kids where she's taken under the wing of the clique's twisted leader, who harbors some dark secrets too terrifying to tell."
"A Catholic teacher meets an atheist journalist, whom a group of Catholics and priests believes has been chosen by the devil himself to be the Antichrist."
"Inspired by the true events of the infamous 1983 prison breakout of 38 IRA prisoners from HMP, which was to become the biggest prison escape in Europe since World War II."
A man with short-term memory loss attempts to track down his wife's murderer.
"Tragi-comic, romantic whodunnit set in a run down hotel which plays host to mentally ill people too poor to afford medical insurance."
"When the first manned mission to Mars meets with a catastrophic and mysterious disaster after reporting an unidentified structure, a rescue mission is launched to investigate the tragedy and bring back any survivors."
"The IMF is shut down when it's implicated in the bombing of the Kremlin, causing Ethan Hunt and his new team to go rogue to clear their organization's name."
A psychological romantic thriller where fantasy and reality become indistinguishable for a woman leading a double life in her dreams.
An unusually intense storm pattern catches some commercial fishermen unaware and puts them in mortal danger.
"Alice hires a professional negotiator to obtain the release of her engineer husband, who has been kidnapped by anti-government guerrillas in South America."
"Astronauts, and their robotic dog AMEE (Autonomous Mapping Evaluation and Evasion), search for solutions to save a dying Earth by searching on Mars, only to have the mission go terribly awry."
"After assuming his dead cellmate's identity to get with the other man's girlfriend, an ex-con finds himself a reluctant participant in a casino heist."
An avenging cop seeks out his brother's killer and falls for the daughter of a businessman who is involved in a money-deal with his father.
An attorney defends an officer on trial for ordering his troops to fire on civilians after they stormed a U.S. embassy in a third world country.
"Brutal gangster Don Logan recruits ""retired"" safecracker Gal for one last job, but it goes badly for both of them."
New York City police detective John Shaft (nephew of the original 1970s detective) goes on a personal mission to make sure the son of a real estate tycoon is brought to justice after a racially-motivated murder.
"A senior at an ivy league college, who depends on scholarships and working on the side, gets accepted into the secret society The Skulls. He hopes it betters chances at Harvard but The Skulls is not what he thought and comes at a price."
Three rebellious teenage girls decide to even the score in the battle of the sexes.
"When a retired engineer is called upon to rescue a failing satellite, he insists that his equally old teammates accompany him into space."
"Supernova chronicles the search and rescue patrol of a medical ship in deep space in the early 22nd century and its six-member crew which includes a captain and pilot, a co-pilot, a medical..."
"In October 1962, the Kennedy administration struggles to contain the Cuban Missile Crisis."
"A conservative judge is appointed by the President to spearhead America's escalating war against drugs, only to discover that his teenage daughter is a crack addict. Two DEA agents protect an informant. A jailed drug baron's wife attempts to carry on the family business."
"A couple off for a romantic weekend in the mountains are accosted by a biker gang. Alone in the mountains, Brea and John must defend themselves against the gang, who will stop at nothing to protect their secrets."
A serial killer turns the life of a family on vacation into a nightmare.
A man learns something extraordinary about himself after a devastating accident.
"A lawyer is asked to come to the police station to clear up a few loose ends in his witness report of a foul murder. This will only take ten minutes, they say, but it turns out to be one ..."
"A police inspector, suspecting an attorney of two child sex murders, has him held for a questioning session that goes on for hours."
A film school is the center of a fresh spate of killings based on urban legends.
"A climber must rescue his sister on top of K2, one of the world's biggest mountains."
Two siblings become increasingly frightened by their grandparents' disturbing behavior while visiting them on vacation.
"A congressional candidate questions his sanity after seeing the love of his life, presumed dead, suddenly emerge."
"David Allen Griffin is a cool killer- time and time again, he chooses a female victim, studies her for weeks till he knows her routine to the smallest detail, makes meticulous preparations ..."
Two criminal drifters without sympathy get more than they bargained for after kidnapping and holding for ransom the surrogate mother of a powerful and shady man.
The wife of a university research scientist believes that her lakeside Vermont home is haunted by a ghost - or that she is losing her mind.
Leo is released from prison after serving time for car theft. His plan to go straight falls apart when he meets his corrupt uncle for a job and later an old friend working there. It culminates at the (railroad) yards.
"An adventurous mountain climber becomes trapped under a boulder while canyoneering alone near Moab, Utah and resorts to desperate measures in order to survive."
An adopted woman returns to her home country and the family home that she never knew and must face the mystery that lies there.
"A group of Iraq War veterans look to clear their name with the U.S. Military, who suspect the four men of committing a crime for which they were framed."
"Mr. David Marks was suspected but never tried for killing his wife Katie who disappeared in 1982, but the truth is eventually revealed."
An assassin hides out in Italy for one last assignment.
"A committed dancer struggles to maintain her sanity after winning the lead role in a production of Tchaikovsky's ""Swan Lake""."
"A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind."
Paul is a U.S. truck driver working in Iraq. After an attack by a group of Iraqis he wakes to find he is buried alive inside a coffin. With only a lighter and a cell phone it's a race against time to escape this claustrophobic death trap.
"A social worker fights to save a girl from her abusive parents, only to discover that the situation is more dangerous than she ever expected."
"Jimmy's rare baseball card is robbed. Since it's his only hope to pay for his daughter's upcoming wedding, he recruits his cop partner Paul to track down the robber, a memorabilia-obsessed gangster."
"After a strange and insecure plane crash, an unusual toxic virus enters a quaint farming town. A young couple are quarantined, but they fight for survival along with help from a couple of people."
"In New York City, a case of mistaken identity turns a bored married couple's attempt at a glamorous and romantic evening into something more thrilling and dangerous."
"When an alien abduction nightmare is revealed to have been much more than a dream, a skeptical grad student studying the ""modern mythology"" of UFOs and ETs finds himself confronting an ..."
"In the year 2019, a plague has transformed almost every human into vampires. Faced with a dwindling blood supply, the fractured dominant race plots their survival; meanwhile, a researcher works with a covert band of vamps on a way to save humankind."
A young woman must save herself and her friends from an ancient evil that stalks its victims through the real-life phenomenon of sleep paralysis.
A group of people are trapped in an elevator and the Devil is mysteriously amongst them.
"As homicide detective Thomas Craven investigates the death of his activist daughter, he uncovers not only her secret life, but a corporate cover-up and government collusion that attracts an agent tasked with cleaning up the evidence."
A CIA operative hires a team of mercenaries to eliminate a Latin dictator and a renegade CIA agent.
CIA operative Valerie Plame discovers her identity is allegedly leaked by the government as payback for an op-ed article her husband wrote criticizing the Bush administration.
An ex-con gets on a series of apparently unrelated killings. He gets tracked by a veteran cop with secrets of his own and an egocentric hit man.
"In Paris, a young employee in the office of the US Ambassador hooks up with an American spy looking to stop a terrorist attack in the city."
A martial arts movie star must fake his death to find the people who are trying to kill him.
Discovering covert and faulty intelligence causes a U.S. Army officer to go rogue as he hunts for Weapons of Mass Destruction in an unstable region.
A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.
"The U.S. military makes a scarred bounty hunter with warrants on his own head an offer he cannot refuse: in exchange for his freedom, he must stop a terrorist who is ready to unleash Hell on Earth."
"A sexually ""undeclared"" college freshman's clairvoyant / prophetic dreams are the first sign that something very strange is going on involving his classmates -- with him at the center."
A West Texas Deputy Sheriff is slowly unmasked as a psychotic killer.
"A vacationing woman meets her ideal man, leading to a swift marriage. Back at home, however, their idyllic life is upset when they discover their neighbors could be assassins who have been contracted to kill the couple.."
A troubled evangelical minister agrees to let his last exorcism be filmed by a documentary crew.
A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian.
"A CIA special forces team are betrayed and left for dead by their superiors, galvanizing them to mount an offensive on the CIA."
"After being set-up and betrayed by the man who hired him to assassinate a Texas Senator, an ex-Federale launches a brutal rampage of revenge against his former boss."
A serial killer returns to his hometown to stalk seven children who share the same birthday as the date he was allegedly put to rest.
A married couple's life is turned upside down when the wife is accused of a murder.
"After moving into a suburban home, a couple becomes increasingly disturbed by a nightly demonic presence."
A group of elite warriors parachute into an unfamiliar jungle and are hunted by members of a merciless alien race.
"When his peaceful life is threatened by a high-tech assassin, former black-ops agent Frank Moses reassembles his old team in a last ditch effort to survive and uncover his assailants."
"Set in the near future when artificial organs can be bought on credit, it revolves around a man who struggles to make the payments on a heart he has purchased. He must therefore go on the run before said ticker is repossessed."
"Survivors of the Raccoon City catastrophe travel across the Nevada desert, hoping to make it to Alaska. Alice joins the caravan and their fight against the evil Umbrella Corp."
A CIA agent goes on the run after a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy.
"Agent Strahm is dead, and FBI agent Erickson draws nearer to Hoffman. Meanwhile, a pair of insurance executives find themselves in another game set by Jigsaw."
"In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer, who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane."
"Strange lights descend on the city of Los Angeles, drawing people outside like moths to a flame where an extraterrestrial force threatens to swallow the entire human population off the face of the Earth."
A convicted arsonist looks to manipulate a parole officer into a plan to secure his parole by placing his beautiful wife in the lawman's path.
A group of bank robbers find their multi-million dollar plan interrupted by a hard-boiled detective.
"As he plans his next job, a longtime thief tries to balance his feelings for a bank manager connected to one of his earlier heists, as well as the F.B.I. Agent looking to bring him and his crew down."
"Revolves around Frank, an American tourist visiting Italy to mend a broken heart. Elise is an extraordinary woman who deliberately crosses his path."
"In Nice, the international police force and the Russian mafia are chasing Anthony Zimmer, an intelligent man responsible for laundry of dirty money in France. Zimmer had extensive plastic ..."
"A young drug dealer watches as his high-rolling life is dismantled in the wake of his cousin's murder, which sees his best friend arrested for the crime."
"With an unmanned, half-mile-long freight train barreling toward a city, a veteran engineer and a young conductor race against the clock to prevent a catastrophe."
"Upon his return to his ancestral homeland, an American man is bitten, and subsequently cursed by, a werewolf."
The story behind Detective James Gordon's rise to prominence in Gotham City in the years before Batman's arrival.
"Security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities."
"An anthology series exploring a twisted, high-tech world where humanity's greatest innovations and darkest instincts collide."
"When a young boy disappears, his mother, a police chief, and his friends must confront terrifying forces in order to get him back."
"Six strangers find themselves in a maze of deadly mystery rooms, and must use their wits to survive."
"Ordinary people find themselves in extraordinarily astounding situations, which they each try to solve in a remarkable manner."
"The missions of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division."
"In a post-apocalyptic world where cities ride on wheels and consume each other to survive, two people meet in London and try to stop a conspiracy."
"What if a child from another world crash-landed on Earth, but instead of becoming a hero to mankind, he proved to be something far more sinister?"
"As Steve Rogers struggles to embrace his role in the modern world, he teams up with a fellow Avenger and S.H.I.E.L.D agent, Black Widow, to battle a new threat from history: an assassin known as the Winter Soldier."
"A failed reporter is bonded to an alien entity, one of many symbiotes who have invaded Earth. But the being takes a liking to Earth and decides to protect it."
"In a post-apocalyptic world, a family is forced to live in silence while hiding from monsters with ultra-sensitive hearing."
The survivors of a plane crash are forced to work together in order to survive on a seemingly deserted tropical island.
"A deactivated female cyborg is revived, but cannot remember anything of her past life and goes on a quest to find out who she is."
"A police detective in the asteroid belt, the first officer of an interplanetary ice freighter and an earth-bound United Nations executive slowly discover a vast conspiracy that threatens the Earth's rebellious colony on the asteroid belt."
A scientist becomes obsessed with bringing back his family members who died in a traffic accident.
"During a preview tour, a theme park suffers a major power breakdown that allows its cloned dinosaur exhibits to run amok."
"After escaping an attack by what he claims was a 70-foot shark, Jonas Taylor must confront his fears to save those trapped in a sunken submersible."
"After the murder of his family, Marine veteran Frank Castle becomes the vigilante known as ""The Punisher,"" with only one goal in mind: to avenge them."
"A Walking Dead spin-off, set in Los Angeles, following two families who must band together to survive the undead apocalypse."
"A family saga with a supernatural twist, set in a German town, where the disappearance of two young children exposes the relationships among four families."
"Set in a future where consciousness is digitized and stored, a prisoner returns to life in a new body and must solve a mind-bending murder to win his freedom."
"A young fighter named Kham must go to Australia to retrieve his stolen elephant. With the help of a Thai-born Australian detective, Kham must take on all comers, including a gang led by an evil woman and her two deadly bodyguards."
The crew of the ship Serenity try to evade an assassin sent to recapture one of their members who is telepathic.
"A federal investigator tracks down a gold digging woman who moves from husband to husband, kills them and collects the inheritance."
"Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a mother and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety."
"In a dystopian America dominated by Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan, a young woman discovers a mysterious film that may hold the key to toppling the totalitarian regimes."
"Two F.B.I. Agents, Fox Mulder the believer and Dana Scully the skeptic, investigate the strange and unexplained, while hidden forces work to impede their efforts."
"A young blade runner's discovery of a long-buried secret leads him to track down former blade runner Rick Deckard, who's been missing for thirty years."
"A biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply."
The gigantic Kong meets the unstoppable Godzilla. The world watches to see which one becomes the king of all monsters.
"A blind lawyer by day, vigilante by night. Matt Murdock fights the crime of New York as Daredevil."
A young successful Hollywood man is pushed to an emotional limit after his girlfriend is publicly caught in her philandering ways and murder appears to be the only option to his sanctity.
"In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, a woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in search for her homeland with the aid of a group of female prisoners, a psychotic worshiper, and a drifter named Max."
The Robinson family was going into space to fight for a chance for humanity. Now they are fighting to live long enough to find a way home.
"The crew of a colony ship, bound for a remote planet, discover an uncharted paradise with a threat beyond their imagination, and must attempt a harrowing escape."
Tree Gelbman discovers that dying over and over was surprisingly easier than the dangers that lie ahead.
"In a post-apocalyptic and dystopian future, all life has been challenged by oppression and tyranny, as the evil Robotnik is on the wake of controlling Mobius."
"After a tragic accident, two stage magicians engage in a battle to create the ultimate illusion while sacrificing everything they have to outwit each other."
Katniss Everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister's place in the Hunger Games: a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve Districts of Panem are chosen at random to fight to the death.
"An ex-assassin and a wealthy programmer save lives via a surveillance AI that sends them the identities of civilians involved in impending crimes. However, the details of the crimes--including the civilians' roles--are left a mystery."
"Set in the near-future, technology controls nearly all aspects of life. But when Grey, a self-identified technophobe, has his world turned upside down, his only hope for revenge is an experimental computer chip implant called Stem."
"In a future where mutants are nearly extinct, an elderly and weary Logan leads a quiet life. But when Laura, a mutant child pursued by scientists, comes to him for help, he must get her to safety."
"Following the tragic end of her brief superhero career, Jessica Jones tries to rebuild her life as a private investigator, dealing with cases involving people with remarkable abilities in New York City."
A linguist works with the military to communicate with alien lifeforms after twelve mysterious spacecraft appear around the world.
"When a botched U.S. government experiment turns a group of death row inmates into highly infectious vampires, an orphan girl might be the only person able to stop the ensuing crisis."
"Based on the stories of Stephen King, the series will intertwine characters and themes from the fictional town of Castle Rock."
"In the near future, Major Mira Killian is the first of her kind: A human saved from a terrible crash, who is cyber-enhanced to be a perfect soldier devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals."
A young programmer is selected to participate in a ground-breaking experiment in synthetic intelligence by evaluating the human qualities of a highly advanced humanoid A.I.
"The world is beset by the appearance of monstrous creatures, but one of them may be the only one who can save humanity."
"When a young boy accidentally triggers the universe's most lethal hunters' return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled scientist can prevent the end of the human race."
"A group of people around the world are suddenly linked mentally, and must find a way to survive being hunted by those who see them as a threat to the world's order."
The X-Men send Wolverine to the past in a desperate effort to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants.
"Years after a plague kills most of humanity and transforms the rest into monsters, the sole survivor in New York City struggles valiantly to find a cure."
A team of scientists aboard the International Space Station discover a rapidly evolving life form that caused extinction on Mars and now threatens all life on Earth.
"Hundreds of years from now, surviving humans discover how to send consciousness back through time, into people of the 21st century, while attempting to change the path of humanity."
An F.B.I. agent is forced to work with an institutionalized scientist and his son in order to rationalize a brewing storm of unexplained phenomena.
A tough US Air Force officer and a skeptical scientist investigate UFO and alien conspiracies as Cold War paranoia spreads.
"A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space, and have returned to Earth to find their creator."
"A troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a man in a large rabbit suit who manipulates him to commit a series of crimes, after he narrowly escapes a bizarre accident."
"America's third political party, the New Founding Fathers of America, comes to power and conducts an experiment: no laws for 12 hours on Staten Island. No one has to stay on the island, but $5,000 is given to anyone who does."
"Former United Nations employee Gerry Lane traverses the world in a race against time to stop the Zombie pandemic that is toppling armies and governments, and threatening to destroy humanity itself."
Three unknowing martial artists are summoned to a mysterious island to compete in a tournament whose outcome will decide the fate of the world.
The crew of a naval destroyer is forced to confront the reality of a new existence when a pandemic kills off most of the earth's population.
"Ellen Ripley is rescued by a deep salvage team after being in hypersleep for 57 years. The moon that the Nostromo visited has been colonized, but contact is lost. This time, colonial marines have impressive firepower, but will that be enough?"
"A teenage girl and her father travel to a remote alien moon, aiming to strike it rich. They've secured a contract to harvest a large deposit of the elusive gems hidden in the depths of the moon's toxic forest. But there are others roving the wilderness and the job quickly devolves into a fight to survive. Forced to contend not only with the forest's other ruthless inhabitants, but with her own ..."
"After a brutal virus wipes out most of the population, two young siblings embark on a perilous search for safety."
"In a dystopian near future, single people, according to the laws of The City, are taken to The Hotel, where they are obliged to find a romantic partner in forty-five days or are transformed into beasts and sent off into The Woods."
"A spacecraft traveling to a distant colony planet and transporting thousands of people has a malfunction in its sleep chambers. As a result, two passengers are awakened 90 years early."
"A mysterious young woman seduces lonely men in the evening hours in Scotland. However, events lead her to begin a process of self-discovery."
"The early years of James Logan, featuring his rivalry with his brother Victor Creed, his service in the special forces team Weapon X, and his experimentation into the metal-lined mutant Wolverine."
"In a future British tyranny, a shadowy freedom fighter, known only by the alias of ""V"", plots to overthrow it with the help of a young woman."
"A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic."
"Young hero Thomas embarks on a mission to find a cure for a deadly disease known as ""The Flare""."
"The crew of the USS Enterprise explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a new ruthless enemy, who puts them, and everything the Federation stands for, to the test."
Common people discover that they have super powers. Their lives intertwine as a devastating event must be prevented.
"Humans in a fascist, militaristic future wage war with giant alien bugs in a satire of modern world politics."
"In 2074, when the mob wants to get rid of someone, the target is sent into the past, where a hired gun awaits - someone like Joe - who one day learns the mob wants to 'close the loop' by sending back Joe's future self for assassination."
"Set in riot-torn, near-future Los Angeles, 'Hotel Artemis' follows the Nurse, who runs a secret, members-only emergency room for criminals."
"In a future where the polar ice-caps have melted and Earth is almost entirely submerged, a mutated mariner fights starvation and outlaw ""smokers,"" and reluctantly helps a woman and a young girl try to find dry land."
"After the earth-shattering revelations of Insurgent, Tris must escape with Four beyond the wall that encircles Chicago, to finally discover the shocking truth of the world around them."
"Set in a Chicago neighborhood nearly a decade after an occupation by an extra-terrestrial force, Captive State explores the lives on both sides of the conflict - the collaborators and dissidents."
A wrongly convicted man must try to survive a public execution gauntlet staged as a game show.
"A decidedly odd couple with alterior motives convince Dr. Grant to go to Isla Sorna, resulting in an unexpected landing, and startling new inhabitants on the island."
"A serious motion comic drama about Loki, who becomes the ruler of Asgard after a successful coup, only to realize that even gods must deal with hard political choices. But does anything matter if even fate itself is against you?"
"James Bond investigates the mid-air theft of a space shuttle, and discovers a plot to commit global genocide."
"A woman is forced to go on the run when her superhuman abilities are discovered. Years after having abandoned her family, the only place she has left to hide is home."
6 complete strangers of widely varying personality characteristics are involuntarily placed in an endless maze containing deadly traps.
"In a self-destructing world, a vengeful Australian policeman sets out to stop a violent motorcycle gang."
"When the network of satellites designed to control the global climate starts to attack Earth, it's a race against the clock for its creator to uncover the real threat before a worldwide Geostorm wipes out everything and everyone."
"In the weeks following an apocalyptic event, a husband and wife venture across the countryside inhabited by deadly factions in search of safety, and must work together as they are pushed to the breaking point in order to survive."
The lives of three young alien/human hybrids with extraordinary gifts in Roswell.
"The human government develops a cure for mutations, and Jean Gray becomes a darker uncontrollable persona called the Phoenix who allies with Magneto, causing escalation into an all-out battle for the X-Men."
"With the help of a mysterious pill that enables the user to access one hundred percent of his brain abilities, a struggling writer becomes a financial wizard, but it also puts him in a new world with lots of dangers."
"In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he works to adapt a fantasy novel into a video game."
A young orphan named Lewis Barnavelt aids his magical uncle in locating a clock with the power to bring about the end of the world.
"A hapless UN employee discovers the agency he works for is hiding a gateway to a parallel dimension that's in Cold War with our own, and where his other self is a top spy. The war slowly heats up thanks to spies from both sides."
A group of scientists try to track down and trap a killer alien seductress before she successfully mates with a human.
"Pete and Myka, U.S Secret Service agents, are deployed in South Dakota's Warehouse 13 with a new assignment from an authority above and outside the government."
"As kids, they escaped a UFO death cult. Now, two adult brothers seek answers after an old videotape surfaces and brings them back to where they began."
"In 2027, in a chaotic world in which women have become somehow infertile, a former activist agrees to help transport a miraculously pregnant woman to a sanctuary at sea."
"For his final assignment, a top temporal agent must pursue the one criminal that has eluded him throughout time. The chase turns into a unique, surprising and mind-bending exploration of love, fate, identity and time travel taboos."
"In a future where people stop aging at 25, but are engineered to live only one more year, having the means to buy your way out of the situation is a shot at immortal youth. Here, Will Salas finds himself accused of murder and on the run with a hostage - a connection that becomes an important part of the way against the system."
"In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation, a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own."
Katniss and a team of rebels from District 13 prepare for the final battle that will decide the future of Panem.
"A brood of fire-breathing dragons emerges from the earth and begins setting everything ablaze, establishing dominance over the planet."
"When anti-mutant Colonel William Stryker kidnaps Professor X and attacks his school, the X-Men must ally with their archenemy Magneto to stop him."
"Zak Bagans, Aaron Goodwin, Billy Tolley, and Jay Wasley investigate the scariest, most notorious, haunted places in the world."
Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark become targets of the Capitol after their victory in the 74th Hunger Games sparks a rebellion in the Districts of Panem.
The heroic warrior He-Man battles against the evil lord Skeletor and his armies of darkness for control of Castle Grayskull.
Tells the story of a psychopathic killer who drives a stolen Mercedes into a crowd and a recently retired detective who tries to bring him down.
"Private Joe Bauers, the definition of ""average American"", is selected by the Pentagon to be the guinea pig for a top-secret hibernation program. Forgotten, he awakes five centuries in the future. He discovers a society so incredibly dumbed down that he's easily the most intelligent person alive."
A high school teacher travels back in time to prevent John F. Kennedy's assassination.
An extraterrestrial race forced to live in slum-like conditions on Earth suddenly finds a kindred spirit in a government agent who is exposed to their biotechnology.
A team of international astronauts are sent on a dangerous mission to reignite the dying Sun with a nuclear fission bomb in 2057.
Follows the journey of a time traveler from the post-apocalyptic future who appears in present day on a mission to locate and eradicate the source of a deadly plague that will nearly destroy the human race.
"In a future world devastated by disease, a convict is sent back in time to gather information about the man-made virus that wiped out most of the human population on the planet."
"Evan Treborn suffers blackouts during significant events of his life. As he grows up, he finds a way to remember these lost memories and a supernatural way to alter his life by reading his journal."
"Aliens and their Guardians are hiding on Earth from intergalactic bounty hunters. They can only be killed in numerical order, and Number Four is next on the list. This is his story."
Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart with the help from others on her side.
"Imprisoned by an adult world that now fears everyone under 18, a group of teens form a resistance group to fight back and reclaim control of their future."
"When a sabotaged experiment gives him super strength and unbreakable skin, Luke Cage becomes a fugitive attempting to rebuild his life in Harlem and must soon confront his past and fight a battle for the heart of his city."
Two astronauts work together to survive after an accident leaves them stranded in space.
"Four weeks after a mysterious, incurable virus spreads throughout the UK, a handful of survivors try to find sanctuary."
"After discovering that an asteroid the size of Texas is going to impact Earth in less than a month, N.A.S.A. recruits a misfit team of deep core drillers to save the planet."
"After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind."
A desperate man tries to return home to his pregnant fiancée after a mysterious apocalyptic event turns everything to chaos.
A self-indulgent and vain publishing magnate finds his privileged life upended after a vehicular accident with a resentful lover.
A civilian diving team is enlisted to search for a lost nuclear submarine and face danger while encountering an alien aquatic species.
"Four waves of increasingly deadly alien attacks have left most of Earth decimated. Cassie is on the run, desperately trying to save her younger brother."
"During the summer of 1979, a group of friends witness a train crash and investigate subsequent unexplained events in their small town."
An MIT grad student and a tech superstar bring a low-level Pentagon official a staggering discovery--that an asteroid is just six months away from colliding with Earth.
"Years after he fought his way out of an inescapable prison, Ray Breslin has organized a new top-notch security force. But when one of his team members goes missing, Breslin must return to the hell he once escaped from."
"In order to foil an extortion plot, an FBI agent undergoes a facial transplant surgery and assumes the identity and physical appearance of a terrorist, but the plan turns from bad to worse when the same terrorist impersonates the FBI agent."
"As Earth is invaded by alien tripod fighting machines, one family fights for survival."
A rescue crew investigates a spaceship that disappeared into a black hole and has now returned...with someone or something new on-board.
"In the Quad, a planetary system on the brink of a bloody interplanetary class war, a fun loving trio of bounty hunters attempt to remain impartial as they chase deadly warrants."
"When Casey Samuels is reported missing, it changes the world for the once quiet town of Edenfield in the heartland of Virgina, USA. A string of disappearances and unexplainable personality ..."
"After getting in a car accident, a woman is held in a shelter with two men, who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack."
"Left for dead on a sun-scorched planet, Riddick finds himself up against an alien race of predators. Activating an emergency beacon alerts two ships: one carrying a new breed of mercenary, the other captained by a man from Riddick's past."
"An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious ""wellness center"" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps, but soon suspects that the spa's treatments are not what they seem."
"Orbiting a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis, and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality."
"In a dystopic and crime-ridden Detroit, a terminally wounded cop returns to the force as a powerful cyborg haunted by submerged memories."
The affair between a politician and a contemporary dancer is affected by mysterious forces keeping the lovers apart.
"Jack Hall, paleoclimatologist, must make a daring trek from Washington, D.C. to New York City to reach his son, trapped in the cross-hairs of a sudden international storm which plunges the planet into a new Ice Age."
"A college student, who sees a UFO, uses his exceptional math skills to investigate the sighting with his friends while the FBI follows closely behind."
"This animated adventure series of Bruce Wayne, billionaire by day, crime fighter by night, starts as Wayne balances life as a free-wheeling bachelor, with his role as the Caped Crusader. ..."
"Sydney Bristow is an international spy recruited out of college, trained for espionage and self-defense."
"Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow ""runners"" for a shot at escape."
"In a world without anonymity or crime, a detective meets a woman who threatens their security."
"A woman lands a dream job at a powerful tech company called the Circle, only to uncover an agenda that will affect the lives of all of humanity."
"In a future where a special police unit is able to arrest murderers before they commit their crimes, an officer from that unit is himself accused of a future murder."
"A modern revival of the classic science fiction horror anthology show The Outer Limits (1963). Episodes often have twist-endings and involve aliens. Sometimes, a story from one episode continues in a later episode."
A soldier wakes up in someone else's body and discovers he's part of an experimental government program to find the bomber of a commuter train. A mission he has only 8 minutes to complete.
"A father has a recurring dream of losing his family. His nightmare turns into reality when the planet is invaded by a force bent on destruction. Fighting for their lives, he comes to realize an unknown strength to keep them safe from harm."
"An elite military unit comprised of special operatives known as G.I. Joe, operating out of The Pit, takes on an evil organization led by a notorious arms dealer."
"An extraterrestrial race arrives on Earth with seemingly good intentions, only to slowly reveal their true machinations the more ingrained into society they become."
A group of martial arts warriors have only six days to save the Earth from an extra-dimensional invasion.
A thriller centered on a young man who sets out to uncover the truth about his life after finding his baby photo on a missing persons website.
"Katniss Everdeen is in District 13 after she shatters the games forever. Under the leadership of President Coin and the advice of her trusted friends, Katniss spreads her wings as she fights to save Peeta and a nation moved by her courage."
"A wealthy family are held hostage for harboring the target of a murderous syndicate during the Purge, a 12-hour period in which any and all crime is legal."
"Henry is resurrected from death with no memory, and he must save his wife from a telekinetic warlord with a plan to bio-engineer soldiers."
A group of friends venture deep into the streets of New York on a rescue mission during a rampaging monster attack.
A retired special forces officer is trapped in a never ending time loop on the day of his death.
"Blade, now a wanted man by the FBI, must join forces with the Nightstalkers to face his most challenging enemy yet: Dracula."
The G.I. Joes are not only fighting their mortal enemy Cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence.
"In the dystopian 27th century, six people wake up on a deserted spaceship with no memory of who they are or what they're doing there. They reluctantly team up and set off to find answers with the help of a female android."
"After an all-night graduation beach party, a group of hung-over twenty-somethings awake to a beating sun, and a seemingly carnivorous beach that devours anything with a heartbeat that touches the sand."
"In 2029, an Air Force astronaut crash-lands on a mysterious planet where evolved, talking apes dominate a race of primitive humans."
"In the post-apocalyptic Australian wasteland, a cynical drifter agrees to help a small, gasoline rich community escape a horde of bandits."
A genetically inferior man assumes the identity of a superior one in order to pursue his lifelong dream of space travel.
A mute bartender goes up against his city's gangsters in an effort to find out what happened to his missing partner.
The frightening spread of the EBV (Ebolavirus).
"In the near future, crime is patrolled by a mechanized police force. When one police droid, Chappie, is stolen and given new programming, he becomes the first robot with the ability to think and feel for himself."
"Many in the coastal town of Haven, Maine have a dormant curse or ""trouble"" that could trigger at any time for any reason. FBI agent Audrey Parker, the sheriff and the town's black sheep must deal with the troubles' deadly effects."
A family living on a farm finds mysterious crop circles in their fields which suggests something more frightening to come.
A drifter discovers a pair of sunglasses that allow him to wake up to the fact that aliens have taken over the Earth.
A detective from the year 2077 finds herself trapped in present day Vancouver and searching for ruthless criminals from the future.
"An invisible and mysterious force field descends upon a small actual town of Chester's Mill, Maine, USA, trapping residents inside, cut off from the rest of civilization. The trapped townspeople must discover the secrets and purpose of the ""dome"" or ""sphere"" and its origins, while coming to learn more than they ever knew about each other and animals too."
"In the year 2022, thousands of people get trapped in a new virtual MMORPG and the lone wolf player, Kirito, works to escape."
A young scientist searches to find out what's causing a rash of violent animal attacks.
"After a ferry is bombed in New Orleans, an A.T.F. agent joins a unique investigation using experimental surveillance technology to find the bomber, but soon finds himself becoming obsessed with one of the victims."
"Unless a comet can be destroyed before colliding with Earth, only those allowed into shelters will survive. Which people will survive?"
"After an epidemic spreads all over Australia, a father searches for someone willing to protect his daughter."
"A Secret Service agent goes to Wayward Pines, Idaho, in search of two federal agents who have gone missing in the bucolic town. He soon learns that he may never get out of Wayward Pines alive."
"In 2035, a technophobic cop investigates a crime that may have been perpetrated by a robot, which leads to a larger threat to humanity."
"A young man finds a back door into a military central computer in which reality is confused with game-playing, possibly starting World War III."
"When a structural-security authority finds himself set up and incarcerated in the world's most secret and secure prison, he has to use his skills to escape with help from the inside."
"After learning that he is from another planet, a warrior named Goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies."
"Alice returns to where the nightmare began: The Hive in Raccoon City, where the Umbrella Corporation is gathering its forces for a final strike against the only remaining survivors of the apocalypse."
"Set after the events in Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991), Sarah Connor and her son, John, try to stay under-the-radar from the government, as they plot to destroy the computer network, Skynet, in hopes of preventing Armageddon."
"Biochemist Michael Morbius tries to cure himself of a rare blood disease, but he inadvertently infects himself with a form of vampirism instead."
The futuristic misadventures and tragedies of an easygoing bounty hunter and his partners.
"Blade forms an uneasy alliance with the vampire council in order to combat the Reapers, who are feeding on vampires."
"A science teacher, his wife, and a young girl struggle to survive a plague that causes those infected to commit suicide."
A group of medical researchers discover a way to bring dead patients back to life.
"Dr. Ellie Arroway (Jodie Foster), after years of searching, finds conclusive radio proof of extraterrestrial intelligence, sending plans for a mysterious machine."
"Gloria is an out-of-work party girl forced to leave her life in New York City and move back home. When reports surface that a giant creature is destroying Seoul, she gradually comes to the realization that she is somehow connected to this phenomenon."
The U.S. government recruits Machete to battle his way through Mexico in order to take down an arms dealer who looks to launch a weapon into space.
A corporate risk-management consultant must decide whether or not to terminate an artificially created humanoid being.
Strange things begin to happen when a group of friends gather for a dinner party on an evening when a comet is passing overhead.
"Apocalyptic comedy finds a socially-challenged grad school student as one of the last two men on Earth with a beautiful woman. However, the other remaining man is his superior in every ..."
A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psychic psychopath that only two teenagers and a group of psychics can stop.
"The wanted criminal Riddick arrives on a planet called Helion Prime, and finds himself up against an invading empire called the Necromongers, an army that plans to convert or kill all humans in the universe."
"A man struggles with memories of his past, which includes a wife he cannot remember, and a nightmarish world without a sun."
"After having escaped the Maze, the Gladers now face a new set of challenges on the open roads of a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles."
A military family takes part in a ground-breaking experiment of genetic evolution and space exploration.
"A Native American owner of a kitschy roadside museum accidentally brings to life three dinosaur fossils. Now really annoyed, the giant dinos wreak havoc on the small town and the local university."
"Chased by a vengeful criminal, the feds and a gang of otherworldly soldiers, a recently released ex-con, and his adopted teenage brother are forced to go on the run with a weapon of mysterious origin as their only protection."
A priest disobeys church law to track down the vampires who kidnapped his niece.
"A woman is held captive by a scientist in a futuristic smart house, and hopes to escape by reasoning with the Artificial Intelligence that controls the house."
"In a last-ditch effort to stop a diabolical plot, a dead CIA operative's memories, secrets, and skills are implanted into a death-row inmate in hopes that he will complete the operative's mission."
"After a young man is murdered by a road-racing gang of motor-heads, a mysterious fast-driving spirit descends from the sky to take revenge."
Two young Americans with special abilities must race to find a girl in Hong Kong before a shadowy government organization called Division does.
Pop culture references fly thick and fast as stop-motion animation is featured in sketches lampooning everything from television movies to comic books.
"In an oppressive future where all forms of feeling are illegal, a man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system and state."
"Rookie cop Denny Colt returns from the beyond as The Spirit, a hero whose mission is to fight against the bad forces in Central City."
A teenager with teleportation abilities suddenly finds himself in the middle of an ancient war between those like him and their sworn annihilators.
A fleet of ships is forced to do battle with an armada of unknown origins in order to discover and thwart their destructive goals.
A group of teenagers look to save their town from an invasion of North Korean soldiers.
"Snake Plissken is once again called in by the United States government to recover a potential doomsday device from Los Angeles, now an autonomous island where undesirables are deported."
"Held captive and faced with their imminent executions, fifty strangers are forced to choose the one person among them who deserves to live."
Three high school friends gain superpowers after making an incredible discovery underground. Soon they find their lives spinning out of control and their bond tested as they embrace their darker sides.
"Searching for a cure to Alzheimer's disease, a group of scientists on an isolated research facility become the prey, as a trio of intelligent sharks fight back."
"A scientist's drive for artificial intelligence, takes on dangerous implications when his consciousness is uploaded into one such program."
"Picking up directly from the previous movie, vampire warrior Selene and the half werewolf Michael hunt for clues to reveal the history of their races and the war between them."
"When an unseen enemy threatens mankind by taking over their bodies and erasing their memories, Melanie will risk everything to protect the people she cares most about, proving that love can conquer all in a dangerous new world."
Army doctor Robert Neville struggles to create a cure for the plague that wiped out most of the human race.
"In the world ravaged by the greenhouse effect and overpopulation, an NYPD detective investigates the murder of a big company CEO."
"Two crew members of a spaceship wake up from hypersleep to discover that all their colleagues are missing. Despite this, it appears that they are not alone."
"In the future, the Japanese government captures a class of ninth-grade students and forces them to kill each other under the revolutionary ""Battle Royale"" act."
A substance designed to help the brain repair itself gives advanced intelligence to a chimpanzee who leads an ape uprising.
A weekend at a lake house in the Louisiana Gulf turns into a nightmare for seven vacationers as they are subjected to shark attacks.
Venomous spiders get exposed to a noxious chemical that causes them to grow to monumental proportions.
A remake of the 1951 classic science fiction film about an alien visitor and his giant robot counterpart who visit Earth.
"Following the death of his father, Britt Reid, heir to his father's large company, teams up with his late dad's assistant Kato to become a masked crime fighting team."
"After a group of people, who meet online, discover a bizarre graphic novel which seems to hold mysterious answers, they find themselves being tracked down by a merciless organization known merely as 'The Network'."
"After being shot, Tom wakes from a coma to discover that fragments of his smart phone have been embedded in his head, and worse, that returning to normal teenage life is impossible because he has developed a strange set of superpowers."
M.I.T. professor John Koestler links a mysterious list of numbers from a time capsule to past and future disasters and sets out to prevent the ultimate catastrophe.
"A thriller involving an ongoing unsolved mystery in Alaska, where one town has seen an extraordinary number of unexplained disappearances during the past 40 years and there are accusations of a federal cover up."
Friends on a camping trip discover that the town they're vacationing in is being plagued in an unusual fashion by parasitic aliens from outer space.
"High school student Kurosaki Ichigo is unlike any ordinary kid because he can see ghosts. After an accident with a hollow, he got a power.So begins Kurosaki Ichigo's training and duty as a Shinigami, Soul Reaper."
"An origins story centered on the centuries-old feud between the race of aristocratic vampires and their onetime slaves, the Lycans."
"When a machine that allows therapists to enter their patients' dreams is stolen, all Hell breaks loose. Only a young female therapist, Paprika, can stop it."
A sci-fi/thriller story centered on a special-ops team that is dispatched to fight supernatural beings.
"A dying real estate mogul transfers his consciousness into a healthy young body, but soon finds that neither the procedure nor the company that performed it are quite what they seem."
Survivors of an alien attack on earth gather together to fight for their lives and fight back.
"Three groups of people intertwine and are left stranded in the streets on Purge Night, trying to survive the chaos and violence that occurs."
"Former Police Sergeant Barnes becomes head of security for Senator Charlie Roan, a Presidential candidate targeted for death on Purge night due to her vow to eliminate the Purge."
A police officer is brought out of suspended animation in prison to pursue an old ultra-violent nemesis who is loose in a non-violent future society.
"A couple in a troubled marriage locate a meteorite, initiating an encounter with a mysterious creature. Their lives are turned upside down by the discovery of the creature, which is a source of both pleasure and destruction."
The only way to save Earth from catastrophe is to drill down to the core and set it spinning again.
"Told from Igor's perspective, we see the troubled young assistant's dark origins, his redemptive friendship with the young medical student Viktor Von Frankenstein, and become eyewitnesses to the emergence of how Frankenstein became the man - and the legend - we know today."
"The young warrior Son Goku sets out on a quest, racing against time and the vengeful King Piccolo, to collect a set of seven magical orbs that will grant their wielder unlimited power."
"Jason Voorhees returns with a new look, a new machete, and his same murderous attitude as he is awakened on a spaceship in the 25th century."
Alice wakes up in Racoon city hospital after the city has been overrun by zombies. Alice must now make it out of the city before a mucilage bomb is dropped on the city.
A scientist and a teacher living in a dystopian future embark on a journey of survival with a special young girl named Melanie.
"For a group of teens, the answer to the mysterious death of their old friend lies within the world of an online video game based on the true story of an ancient noblewoman known as the Blood Countess."
"Two Secret Service Agents, equipped with a wide array of gizmos, work for the government in the Old West."
"In a future mind-controlling game, death row convicts are forced to battle in a 'Doom'-type environment. Convict Kable, controlled by Simon, a skilled teenage gamer, must survive thirty sessions in order to be set free. Or won't he?"
"In 1914, a young man arrives at a remote island near the Antarctic Circle to take the post of weather observer only to find himself trapped in a watchtower besieged by deadly creatures which live in hiding on the island."
"After a massive power outage, two sisters learn to survive on their own in their isolated woodland home."
"An F.B.I. Agent and an Interpol Detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances, and reward their audiences with the money."
A tough-as-nails detective embarks on a relentless pursuit to free his son from a nightmarish alien warship.
"A year ago, a terrorist attack in Odessa, Texas, left the city decimated. Blamed for the tragic event, those with extraordinary abilities are in hiding or on the run from those with nefarious motives."
A futuristic action thriller where a team of people work to prevent a disaster threatening the future of the human race.
A team of five teenaged superheroes save the world from many villains around their city while experiencing things normal teens face today.
"During an archaeological expedition on Bouvetøya Island in Antarctica, a team of archaeologists and other scientists find themselves caught up in a battle between the two legends. Soon, the team realize that only one species can win."
"A futuristic laboratory has erased the identities of lost young people, and now imprints them with the temporary identities they need to fulfill assignments for clients."
Ex-con Jensen Ames is forced by the warden of a notorious prison to compete in our post-industrial world's most popular sport: a car race in which inmates must brutalize and kill one another on the road to victory.
An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry.
A game designer on the run from assassins must play her latest virtual reality creation with a marketing trainee to determine if the game has been damaged.
An undercover cop in a not-too-distant future becomes involved with a dangerous new drug and begins to lose his own identity as a result.
"After being rescued and brought to an island, a man discovers that its inhabitants are experimental animals being turned into strange-looking humans, all of it the work of a visionary doctor."
"2150 A.D. The Essex, a deep space fishing vessel for industry giant, AmberCorp, is ready to make its final harvest of the season. The ship brushes with a rare creature, mammoth in size and ..."
"Johnny Blaze, tortured by the Ghost Rider's curse, gets a chance of redemption through protecting the Devil's son, whose father is pursuing him."
"On the eve of retirement, Kirk and McCoy are charged with assassinating the Klingon High Chancellor and imprisoned. The Enterprise crew must help them escape to thwart a conspiracy aimed at sabotaging the last best hope for peace."
"As the reappearance of 4,400 missing persons on a single day confounds the global community, federal agents on the case slowly discover the ways in which the victims have been changed."
"The Enterprise is diverted to the Romulan homeworld Romulus, supposedly because they want to negotiate a peace treaty. Captain Picard and his crew discover a serious threat to the Federation once Praetor Shinzon plans to attack Earth."
A rag doll that awakens in a postapocalyptic future holds the key to humanity's salvation.
"A race of space vampires arrives in London and infects the populace, beginning an apocalyptic descent into chaos."
"Four friends/fledgling entrepreneurs, knowing that there's something bigger and more innovative than the different error-checking devices they've built, wrestle over their new invention."
A woman has an encounter with a man in the wilderness who will change her life forever.
"Aeon Flux is a mysterious assassin working for the Monicans, a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. When she is sent on a mission to kill the Chairman, a whole new mystery is found."
Four friends fleeing a viral pandemic soon learn they are more dangerous than any virus.
A martial artist hunts a killer in a plague-infested urban dump of the future.
A samurai sent through time fights to return home and save the world.
"An astronaut gets infected with alien DNA during the first mission on Mars and runs amok on earth. Preston and Laura team up with a peaceful, genetically re-engineered Sil to track the monster down."
A starship crew goes to investigate the silence of a planet's colony only to find two survivors and a deadly secret that one of them has.
"A group of kids get together in the woods, and tell ghost stories."
"When he acquires a different kind of show for his station, a sleazy cable-TV programmer begins to see his life and the future of media spin out of control in a terrifying new reality."
A Las Vegas magician who can see into the future is pursued by FBI agents seeking to use his abilities to prevent a nuclear terrorist attack.
"Set in a futuristic world where humans live in isolation and interact through surrogate robots, a cop is forced to leave his home for the first time in years in order to investigate the murders of others' surrogates."
The Borg travel back in time intent on preventing Earth's first contact with an alien species. Captain Picard and his crew pursue them to ensure that Zefram Cochran makes his maiden flight reaching warp speed.
A teen gang in South London defend their block from an alien invasion.
"Remake of the 1958 sci-fi horror classic about a deadly blob from another planet which consumes everything in its path. Teenagers attempt without success to warn the townspeople, who refuse to take them seriously."
A man trapped in an automated prison must outsmart a computer in order to escape.
"A psychologist engages a dangerous, young genius in a battle of wits -- unaware of the supernatural power the girl possesses, or that her life hangs in the balance."
"The members of the Torchwood Institute, a secret organization founded by the British Crown, fight to protect the Earth from extraterrestrial and supernatural threats."
"In a dystopian future, Joseph Dredd, the most famous Judge (a police officer with instant field judiciary powers), is convicted for a crime he did not commit and must face his murderous counterpart."
"A man wakes up with no memory of who he is, and finds that everyone who comes within a certain distance of him suddenly dies."
"After discovering time travel, a university student and his colleagues must use their knowledge of it to stop an evil organization and their diabolical plans."
"A father and son go on the run, pursued by the government and a cult drawn to the child's special powers."
"A volcano erupts in downtown Los Angeles, threatening to destroy the city."
Alice fights alongside a resistance movement to regain her freedom from an Umbrella Corporation testing facility.
A paranoid mathematician searches for a key number that will unlock the universal patterns found in nature.
"A small town in California is attacked by Martians, beginning a worldwide invasion."
"In Molokai, two undercover drug enforcement agents are after a vicious drug kingpin, but on the way, they will also have to deal with a contaminated giant python."
"In the wake of a disaster that wipes out most of civilization, two men and a young woman find themselves in an emotionally charged love triangle as the last known survivors."
"A giant egg is unearthed at a construction site and soon opened, releasing the terrible Ivan Ooze, who wreaks vengeance on Zordon for imprisoning him millennia ago. With Zordon dying and their powers lost, the Rangers head to a distant planet to find the mystic warrior Dulcea."
"After a mysterious disease kills every resident over 22 years old, survivors of a town must fend for themselves when the government quarantines them"
"A hapless store clerk must foil criminals to save the life of the man who, miniaturized in a secret experiment, was accidentally injected into him."
"Two years after the afterlife is scientifically proven, a man attempts to help a young woman break away from her dark past."
Bloodthirsty creatures await a pack of divers who become trapped in an underwater cave network.
"To save her ill son, a field mouse must seek the aid of a colony of rats, with whom she has a deeper link than she ever suspected."
"Frankenstein's creature finds himself caught in an all-out, centuries old war between two immortal clans."
A former cop turned street-hustler accidentally uncovers a conspiracy in Los Angeles in 1999.
Alex is floating unconscious in a lake when light from a UFO of light saves her by enhancing her abilities such as telekinesis and healing power. Her friend Sean helps her. The authorities want her - not just for stealing a police car.
A couple who participated in a potent medical experiment gain telekinetic ability and then have a child who is pyrokinetic.
"Shortly after delivering a patient to an understaffed hospital, a police officer experiences strange and violent occurrences seemingly linked to a group of mysterious hooded figures."
"On a road trip, Nic and two friends are drawn to an isolated area by a computer genius. When everything suddenly goes dark, Nic regains consciousness - only to find himself in a waking nightmare."
"When strange anomalies start to appear all over England, Professor Cutter and his team must track down and capture all sorts of dangerous prehistoric creatures from Earth's distant past and near future."
"The living dead have taken over the world, and the last humans live in a walled city to protect themselves as they come to grips with the situation."
"Warring Alien and Predator races descend on a rural Colorado town, where unsuspecting residents must band together for any chance of survival."
"In Moscow, five young people lead the charge against an alien race who have attacked Earth via our power supply."
"Young punk Otto becomes a repo man after helping to steal a car, and stumbles into a world of wackiness as a result."
"Despite being under heavy sedation, a young woman tries to make her way out of the Arboria Institute, a secluded, quasifuturistic commune."
"When the crew of the Enterprise learn of a Federation conspiracy against the inhabitants of a unique planet, Captain Picard begins an open rebellion."
"After a dark force conquers Canterlot, the Mane 6 embark on an unforgettable journey beyond Equestria where they meet new friends and exciting challenges on a quest to use the magic of friendship to save their homeland."
"After a failed mission to Mars, A.I./ARTI is now used for the 2036 mission with a few human supervisors. A monolith of unknown origin is found there. It will have a big effect on Earth."
"A specially gifted man, with the ability to instantly master any skill, escapes from a secret testing facility and travels the country taking on different jobs and helping strangers while hiding from his kidnappers."
A Las Vegas cabbie enlists the help of a UFO expert to protect two siblings with paranormal powers from the clutches of an organization that wants to use the kids for their nefarious plans.
"Six years after Earth has suffered an alien invasion, a cynical journalist agrees to escort a shaken American tourist through an infected zone in Mexico to the safety of the U.S. border."
"After being told that their children never existed, a man and woman soon discover there is a much bigger enemy at work."
A computer scientist running a virtual reality simulation of 1937 becomes the primary suspect when his colleague and mentor is murdered.
A Special Forces Agent is assigned to protect a scientist and his creation from a sinister gang.
"A teenage girl is raised underground by a kindly robot ""Mother"" -- designed to repopulate the earth following the extinction of humankind. But their unique bond is threatened when an inexplicable stranger arrives with alarming news."
A young man with spider-like abilities fights crime as a superhero in New York City while trying to have a normal personal life.
"With the help of long presumed dead Captain Kirk, Captain Picard must stop a renegade scientist willing to murder on a planetary scale in order to enter a space matrix."
A man awakens from a coma to discover he has a psychic ability.
"Dragon Ball tells the tale of a young warrior by the name of Son Goku, a young peculiar boy with a tail who embarks on a quest to become stronger and learns of the Dragon Balls, when, once all 7 are gathered, grant any wish of choice."
A scientist sends a man with extraordinary psychic powers to hunt others like him.
"In the midst of the Gulf War, soldiers are kidnapped and brainwashed for sinister purposes."
"After New York City receives a series of attacks from giant flying robots, a reporter teams up with a pilot in search of their origin, as well as the reason for the disappearances of famous scientists around the world."
Two documentary filmmakers attempt to penetrate a cult who worships a woman who claims to be from the future.
Lifepod chronicles the trip of eight passengers after the ship on which they were traveling blew up on Christmas Eve 2168. Immediately people start dying. The passengers begin to ...
"A group of teens discover secret plans of a time machine, and construct one. However, things start to get out of control."
"Eight strangers awaken with no memory, in a puzzling cube-shaped room where the laws of physics do not always apply."
"A very handsome man finds the love of his life, but he suffers an accident and needs to have his face rebuilt by surgery after it is severely disfigured."
"After being brutally murdered in a subway station, a teen boy awakens to find himself resurrected by a strange computer named Gantz, and forced to fight a large force of invading aliens in Osaka."
A mother searches for her daughter after civilization collapses due to a Zombie outbreak.
"Hobbs has Dominic and Brian reassemble their crew to take down a team of mercenaries: Dominic unexpectedly gets convoluted also facing his presumed deceased girlfriend, Letty."
"The cases of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service's Washington, D.C. Major Case Response Team, led by Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs."
"A sixteen-year-old girl who was raised by her father to be the perfect assassin is dispatched on a mission across Europe, tracked by a ruthless intelligence agent and her operatives."
The plot is unknown.
A police detective reconnects with people from an undercover assignment in her distant past in order to make peace.
"Super-Assassin John Wick is on the run after killing a member of the international assassin's guild, and with a $14 million price tag on his head - he is the target of hit men and women everywhere."
"Loyalties are tested when five former special forces operatives reunite to steal a drug lord's fortune, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences."
A grieving snowplow driver seeks out revenge against the drug dealers who killed his son. Based on the 2014 Norwegian film 'In Order of Disappearance'.
"Explores the high-pressure experiences of the first responders who are thrust into the most frightening, shocking and heart-stopping situations."
Jane Doe is found in Times Square with no memory and mysterious tattoos on her body.
"After entering a beauty contest in Tijuana, a young woman witnesses drug-related murders and is forced to do the gang's bidding."
"When the menace known as The Joker emerges from his mysterious past, he wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham. The Dark Knight must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice."
"Follows District 21 of the Chicago Police Department, which is made up of two distinctly different groups: the uniformed cops and the Intelligence Unit."
"Once two overzealous cops get suspended from the force, they must delve into the criminal underworld to get their proper compensation."
"An FBI agent and his new partner, a CIA operative, embark on missions to save the world, but have to put up with each other first."
"When two bus crash survivors awake to discover that they are the only people left in their town, they work together to unravel the truth behind the strange events."
DS Steve Arnott is transferred to the police anti-corruption unit after the death of a man in a mistaken shooting during a counter-terrorist operation.
"Sheriff Deputy Rick Grimes wakes up from a coma to learn the world is in ruins, and must lead a group of survivors to stay alive."
"Two brothers follow their father's footsteps as hunters, fighting evil supernatural beings of many kinds, including monsters, demons, and gods that roam the earth."
"As her 16th birthday nears, Sabrina must choose between the witch world of her family and the human world of her friends. Based on the Archie comic."
"After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked."
"A new FBI profiler, Elizabeth Keen, has her entire life uprooted when a mysterious criminal, Raymond Reddington, who has eluded capture for decades, turns himself in and insists on speaking only to her."
A pair of Texas Rangers come out of retirement to catch the infamous outlaws Bonnie and Clyde.
"Seasonal anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law."
A high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer turns to manufacturing and selling methamphetamine in order to secure his family's future.
"Professor James Murray begins work compiling words for the first edition of the Oxford English Dictionary in the mid 19th century, and receives over 10,000 entries from a patient at Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Dr. William Minor."
A frustrated man decides to take justice into his own hands after a plea bargain sets one of his family's killers free. He targets not only the killer but also the district attorney and others involved in the deal.
"After a workaholic banker journeys to Monaco to investigate the suspicious activities of a company, he finds himself framed for murder and running for his life."
"The cases of the F.B.I. Behavioral Analysis Unit (B.A.U.), an elite group of profilers who analyze the nation's most dangerous serial killers and individual heinous crimes in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again."
A 90-year-old horticulturist and Korean War veteran turns drug mule for a Mexican cartel.
"A courtroom frenzy ensues and sweeps 1970s America when a young single mother reluctantly tips the attention of a widespread manhunt toward her longtime boyfriend, Ted Bundy."
A disgraced detective in the NYPD is given a shot at redemption.
"An anthology series centering on different characters and locations, including a house with a murderous past, an insane asylum, a witch coven, a freak show, a hotel, a possessed farmhouse, a cult, and the apocalypse."
A group of ambitious law students and their brilliant criminal defense professor become involved in a twisted murder plot that promises to change the course of their lives.
A bipolar CIA operative becomes convinced a prisoner of war has been turned by al-Qaeda and is planning to carry out a terrorist attack on American soil.
A modern update finds the famous sleuth and his doctor partner solving crime in 21st century London.
"When a young doctor suspects she may not be alone in her new Brooklyn loft, she learns that her landlord has formed a frightening obsession with her."
"The lives, loves, dangers and disasters in the town, Mystic Falls, Virginia. Creatures of unspeakable horror lurk beneath this town as a teenage girl is suddenly torn between two vampire brothers."
A clever bookstore manager relies on his savvy Internet know-how to make the woman of his dreams fall in love with him.
Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson.
The true story of the Taj Hotel terrorist attack in Mumbai. Hotel staff risk their lives to keep everyone safe as people make unthinkable sacrifices to protect themselves and their families.
"Baltimore drug scene, seen through the eyes of drug dealers and law enforcement."
"Due to a political conspiracy, an innocent man is sent to death row and his only hope is his brother, who makes it his mission to deliberately get himself sent to the same prison in order to break the both of them out, from the inside."
"By day, mild-mannered Dexter is a blood-spatter analyst for the Miami police. But at night, he is a serial killer who only targets other murderers."
A biker struggles to balance being a father and being involved in an outlaw motorcycle club.
A contemporary thriller featuring the Royalty and Specialist Protection Branch of London's Metropolitan Police Service.
Chaos breaks out in a small Maryland town after an ecological disaster occurs.
"Sam, intelligent but without purpose, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre."
"A financial adviser drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder $500 million in five years to appease a drug boss."
"Jack Ryan, as a young covert C.I.A. analyst, uncovers a Russian plot to crash the U.S. economy with a terrorist attack."
"Elliot, a brilliant but highly unstable young cyber-security engineer and vigilante hacker, becomes a key figure in a complex game of global dominance when he and his shadowy allies try to take down the corrupt corporation he works for."
A series of events tests the beliefs of a small isolated countryside village.
"Flashing between past and present, a fractured family confronts haunting memories of their old home and the terrifying events that drove them from it."
"After the family matriarch passes away, a grieving family is haunted by tragic and disturbing occurrences, and begin to unravel dark secrets."
A young priest is sent to Rome to investigate the troubling death of the head of his order.
A low-level Cabinet member becomes President of the United States after a catastrophic attack kills everyone above him in the line of succession.
"Held captive for 7 years in an enclosed space, a woman and her young son finally gain their freedom, allowing the boy to experience the outside world for the first time."
"A mere 200 yards from shore, surfer Nancy is attacked by a great white shark, with her short journey to safety becoming the ultimate contest of wills."
Two Canberra based brothers become entangled in a cover up that involves a remote outback community and key members of the Australian Government.
"The world's top assassin, Duncan Vizla, is settling into retirement when his former employer marks him as a liability to the firm. Against his will, he finds himself back in the game going head to head with an army of younger killers."
Follows the men and women of a Seattle firehouse.
DCI John Luther is a near-genius murder detective whose brilliant mind can't always save him from the dangerous violence of his passions.
A man lives alone in a remote cabin and is surprised by his visitors.
"Four friends band together against an anonymous foe who threatens to reveal their darkest secrets, while also investigating the disappearance of their best friend."
"A chronicled look at the criminal exploits of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar, as well as the many other drug kingpins who plagued the country through the years."
"Set in contemporary Chicago, amid a time of turmoil, four women with nothing in common except a debt left behind by their dead husbands' criminal activities, take fate into their own hands, and conspire to forge a future on their own terms."
"Set in the late 1970s, two FBI agents are tasked with interviewing serial killers to solve open cases."
"Stephanie is a single mother with a parenting vlog who befriends Emily, a secretive upper-class woman who has a child at the same elementary school. When Emily goes missing, Stephanie takes it upon herself to investigate."
"A British inspector is transferred to Saint-Marie's police department, but he hates the sun, sea and sand. The series follow his investigations into murders on the island. Later series see another British DI head the investigative team."
"Circa 1969, several strangers, most with a secret to bury, meet by chance at Lake Tahoe's El Royale, a rundown hotel with a dark past. Over the course of one night, everyone will show their true colors - before everything goes to hell."
"Telepathic waitress Sookie Stackhouse encounters a strange new supernatural world when she meets the mysterious Bill, a southern Louisiana gentleman and vampire."
A dynamic young entrepreneur finds herself locked in a hotel room with the corpse of her dead lover. She hires a prestigious lawyer to defend her and they work together to figure out what actually happened.
"Follows the actions of Section 20, a secretive unit of British military intelligence. A team of special operations personnel conduct several high risk missions across the globe."
"In the dead of a Wyoming winter, a bounty hunter and his prisoner find shelter in a cabin currently inhabited by a collection of nefarious characters."
A young Spanish woman who has recently moved to Berlin finds her flirtation with a local guy turn potentially deadly as their night out with his friends reveals a dangerous secret.
A young woman befriends a lonely widow who's harboring a dark and deadly agenda toward her.
"An imprisoned drug kingpin offers a huge cash reward to anyone that can break him out of police custody, and only the L.A.P.D.'s Special Weapons and Tactics team can prevent it."
"Everything about the town of Beacon Heights seems perfect, but in the aftermath of the town's first murder, behind every Perfectionist hides secrets, lies and much needed alibies."
"After being coerced into working for a crime boss, a young getaway driver finds himself taking part in a heist doomed to fail."
Anthology series that examines how and why ordinary people commit brutal crimes.
"Adventurer James Keziah Delaney returns to London during the War of 1812 to rebuild his late father's shipping empire. However, both the government and his biggest competitor want his inheritance at any cost - even murder."
"With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent."
"At a top secret research facility in the 1960s, a lonely janitor forms a unique relationship with an amphibious creature that is being held in captivity."
"Literature student Anastasia Steele's life changes forever when she meets handsome, yet tormented, billionaire Christian Grey."
"A famous ""psychic"" outs himself as a fake, and starts working as a consultant for the California Bureau of Investigation so he can find ""Red John"", the madman who killed his wife and daughter."
"A young FBI cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims."
An undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other while infiltrating an Irish gang in South Boston.
"At the height of the Cold War two Russian agents pose as your average American couple, complete with family."
Two newly paired cops who are complete opposites must put aside their differences in order to catch a gang of drug smugglers.
"Ballerina Dominika Egorova is recruited to 'Sparrow School,' a Russian intelligence service where she is forced to use her body as a weapon. Her first mission, targeting a C.I.A. agent, threatens to unravel the security of both nations."
A reporter confronts the psychological demons from her past when she returns to her hometown to cover a violent murder.
"A devoted father helps two stranded young women who knock on his door, but his kind gesture turns into a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse."
"Old-school U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens is reassigned from Miami to his childhood home in the poor, rural coal mining towns in eastern Kentucky."
"What happens when a man who believes he has retired from MI6 is called back to do one more job to regain his life, only to discover that this job may mean he has no life to go back to."
An average high school student and his best friend get caught up in some trouble causing him to receive a werewolf bite. As a result they find themselves in the middle of all sorts of dramas in Beacon Hills.
"Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives."
"Ex undercover UK cop turned police chief of a small town in the Canadian Rockies does what he must to defend his family from those in power whether it's the oilmen, the preachers or the gangsters."
"The drug war on the U.S.-Mexico border has escalated as the cartels have begun trafficking terrorists across the US border. To fight the war, federal agent Matt Graver re-teams with the mercurial Alejandro."
"Procedural drama about the inner workings of the New York office of the FBI, bringing to bear all the Bureau's skills, intellect and mind-blowing technology to keep New York and the country safe."
"Mathilda, a 12-year-old girl, is reluctantly taken in by Léon, a professional assassin, after her family is murdered. Léon and Mathilda form an unusual relationship, as she becomes his protégée and learns the assassin's trade."
An idiosyncratic FBI agent investigates the murder of a young woman in the even more idiosyncratic town of Twin Peaks.
"A contemporary prequel to Psycho, giving a portrayal of how Norman Bates' psyche unravels through his teenage years, and how deeply intricate his relationship with his mother, Norma, truly is."
Demoted back to his hometown. A young Wall Street banker is drawn into investigating a tangled web of corruption and fraud in Upstate New York. Affecting both his personal life and business career.
"A political family drama set in Florence in the early fifteenth century. Cosimo de Medici finds himself at the helm of his banking dynasty when his father, Giovanni, dies suddenly."
"An ex-con assumes the identity of a murdered sheriff in the small town of Banshee, Pennsylvania, where he has some unfinished business."
"The life of a young black woman, her work, her family, and the popular talk show which she hosts."
"Allied soldiers from Belgium, the British Empire, and France are surrounded by the German Army, and evacuated during a fierce battle in World War II."
"Merricat, Constance and their Uncle Julian live in isolation after experiencing a family tragedy six years earlier. When cousin Charles arrives to steal the family fortune, he also threatens a dark secret they've been hiding."
"Living in exile, Hannibal Lecter tries to reconnect with now disgraced F.B.I. Agent Clarice Starling, and finds himself a target for revenge from a powerful victim."
"A police investigation, the saga of a grieving family, and a Seattle mayoral campaign all interlock after the body of 17-year-old Rosie Larsen is found in the trunk of a submerged car."
Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon a drug deal gone wrong and more than two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande.
"A coming-of-age story set against the backdrop of late 1980s counterculture, which follows a disillusioned teen recruited into a storied high school for assassins."
A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank.
"Jack Bauer, Director of Field Ops for the Counter-Terrorist Unit of Los Angeles, races against the clock to subvert terrorist plots and save his nation from ultimate disaster."
"A troubled teen named Kit Gordy is forced to join the exclusive Blackwood Boarding School, just to find herself trapped by dark forces around its mysterious headmistress, Madame Duret."
"After his 16-year-old daughter goes missing, a desperate father breaks into her laptop to look for clues to find her."
A divorcee becomes entangled in a missing persons investigation that promises to send shockwaves throughout her life.
The cases of eccentric but sharp Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
"When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant."
"French dancers gather in a remote, empty school building to rehearse on a wintry night. The all-night celebration morphs into a hallucinatory nightmare when they learn their sangria is laced with LSD."
A veteran hunter helps an FBI agent investigate the murder of a young woman on a Wyoming Native American reservation.
Pot growers Ben and Chon face off against the Mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend.
"In the late 1960s/early 1970s, a San Francisco cartoonist becomes an amateur detective obsessed with tracking down the Zodiac Killer, an unidentified individual who terrorizes Northern California with a killing spree."
Los Angeles homicide detective Lieutenant Columbo uses his humble ways and ingenuous demeanor to winkle out even the most well-concealed of crimes.
"An outcast New York City cop is charged with bringing down Harlem drug lord Frank Lucas, whose real life inspired this partly biographical film."
A former White House Communications Director starts her own crisis management firm only to realize her clients are not the only ones with secrets.
A police detective uncovers a conspiracy behind a case involving a high-school guidance counselor when accusations of rape are made against him by two female students.
"When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts."
Lucas Snow was buried alive and has lost 3 days of his life. His best friend is murdered and the two top crime bosses are hunting him down as well as the police. Will he find out who set him up?
"Anastasia and Christian get married, but Jack Hyde continues to threaten their relationship."
"The film follows the 2000 K-141 Kursk submarine disaster and the governmental negligence that followed. As the sailors fight for survival, their families desperately battle political obstacles and impossible odds to save them."
"Joe meets a mother who can contact spirits when suffocating. Her daughter is dying when Joe helps the mother spiritually contact the daughter and save her. Unfortunately, the spirit in the daughter's body is now that of Joe's dead wife."
"A link in their pasts leads an honest cop to a fugitive gang boss, whose cryptic warning spurs the officer on a quest to save Mumbai from cataclysm."
"When Robert Langdon wakes up in an Italian hospital with amnesia, he teams up with Dr. Sienna Brooks, and together they must race across Europe against the clock to foil a deadly global plot."
"A true story of survival, as a young couple's chance encounter leads them first to love, and then on the adventure of a lifetime as they face one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history."
An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico.
"Dr. Paul Kersey is an experienced trauma surgeon, a man who has spent his life saving lives. After an attack on his family, Paul embarks on his own mission for justice."
"In 1848, two real life warships, HMS Terror and HMS Erebus, sent on a Royal Naval expedition to find the treacherous Northwest Passage become trapped in ice near Arctic and face starvation, mutiny, cannibalism and a demonic polar bear."
"A nightclub bouncer in his fifties who's taken punches, literally and figuratively, struggles to raise his 8-year-old daughter."
A group of professional bank robbers start to feel the heat from police when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist.
A divorced father and his ex-con older brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family's ranch in West Texas.
"Five years after her husband and daughter are killed in a senseless act of violence, a woman comes back from self-imposed exile to seek revenge against those responsible and the system that let them go free."
A boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.
A newly released prisoner is forced by the leaders of his gang to orchestrate a major crime with a brutal rival gang on the streets of Southern California.
"A New York City doctor embarks on a harrowing, night-long odyssey of sexual and moral discovery after his wife reveals a painful secret to him."
Ed and Lorraine Warren travel to North London to help a single mother raising 4 children alone in a house plagued by a supernatural spirit.
A police officer assigned alarm dispatch duty enters a race against time when he answers an emergency call from a kidnapped woman.
"When a killer shark unleashes chaos on a beach community, it's up to a local sheriff, a marine biologist, and an old seafarer to hunt the beast down."
"A wealthy art gallery owner is haunted by her ex-husband's novel, a violent thriller she interprets as a symbolic revenge tale."
"Good intentions. Erratic bosses. Mounting paranoia. Unforeseen consequences spiraling out of control. Heidi (Julia Roberts) works at Homecoming, a facility helping soldiers transition to ..."
"The vampire Angel, cursed with a soul, moves to Los Angeles and aids people with supernatural-related problems while questing for his own redemption."
"Obsessed with the disappearance of a 12-year-old pregnant girl near a freezing lake in New Zealand, a brave detective will find herself up against small-town secrets and a side of herself that was meticulously kept at bay."
"During World War II, the English mathematical genius Alan Turing tries to crack the German Enigma code with help from fellow mathematicians."
"After being kidnapped and imprisoned for fifteen years, Oh Dae-Su is released, only to find that he must find his captor in five days."
"In 1905, a drifter on a dangerous mission to rescue his kidnapped sister tangles with a sinister religious cult on an isolated island."
"In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California, a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey with his ex-wife across the state in order to rescue his daughter."
"A traumatized veteran, unafraid of violence, tracks down missing girls for a living. When a job spins out of control, Joe's nightmares overtake him as a conspiracy is uncovered leading to what may be his death trip or his awakening."
"Dr. Richard Kimble, unjustly accused of murdering his wife, must find the real killer while being the target of a nationwide manhunt led by a seasoned U.S. Marshal."
A series chronicling the daily activities of an unusual prison facility and its criminal inhabitants.
"In Detroit, a lonely pop culture geek marries a call girl, steals cocaine from her pimp, and tries to sell it in Hollywood. Meanwhile, the owners of the cocaine, the Mob, track them down in an attempt to reclaim it."
"Based on the life of Aileen Wuornos, a Daytona Beach prostitute who became a serial killer."
"Journalist Mikael Blomkvist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing for forty years by Lisbeth Salander, a young computer hacker."
The night manager of a Cairo hotel is recruited to infiltrate an arms dealer's inner circle.
"The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office."
"When three working-class teens enroll in an exclusive private school in Spain, the clash between them and the wealthy students leads to murder."
"Set in a post-Jax Teller world, ""Mayans MC"" sees EZ Reyes, a former golden boy now fresh out of prison, as a prospect in the Mayan MC charter on the California-Mexico border who must carve out his new outlaw identity."
"Tormented and left for dead by a scorned lover, a woman finds the strength within herself to recover and retaliate against her abuser."
"After a car wreck, an amnesiac woman sets out to learn what happened to her with the help of a wannabee actress."
A family finds themselves forced to face their past secrets and scars when the black sheep returns home.
Teresa flees Mexico after her drug-runner boyfriend is murdered. Settling in Dallas she looks to become the country's reigning drug smuggler and to avenge her lover's murder.
"Homicide detective John Hobbes witnesses the execution of serial killer Edgar Reese. Soon after the execution the killings start again, and they are very similar to Reese's style."
An eccentric genius forms an international network of super-geniuses to act as the last line of defense against the complicated threats of the modern world.
"Laura, a Spanish woman living in Buenos Aires, returns to her hometown outside Madrid with her two children to attend her sister's wedding. However, the trip is upset by unexpected events that bring secrets into the open."
"Perched on the edge of the Arctic Circle, Fortitude is one of the safest towns on earth. There has never been a violent crime here. Until now."
A blossoming teenager uncovers the dark secret behind her traumatic childhood.
A vigilante helps victims escape their domestic abusers.
"Steven, a charismatic surgeon, is forced to make an unthinkable sacrifice after his life starts to fall apart, when the behavior of a teenage boy he has taken under his wing turns sinister."
"A simple yet proud farmer in the year 1922 conspires to murder his wife for financial gain, convincing his teenage son to assist. But their actions have unintended consequences."
Teresa Mendoza returns to Mexico after 8 years to fight with Mexican drug dealers.
"Three teenagers live isolated, without leaving their house, because their over-protective parents say they can only leave when their dogtooth falls out."
Events over the course of one traumatic night in Paris unfold in reverse-chronological order as the beautiful Alex is brutally raped and beaten by a stranger in the underpass.
"Los Angeles citizens with vastly separate lives collide in interweaving stories of race, loss and redemption."
A cover-up that spanned four U.S. Presidents pushed the country's first female newspaper publisher and a hard-driving editor to join an unprecedented battle between the press and the government.
"In 1984 East Berlin, an agent of the secret police, conducting surveillance on a writer and his lover, finds himself becoming increasingly absorbed by their lives."
"Frank Johnson flees police after becoming an eyewitness to murder. He is pursued around scenic San Francisco by his wife, a reporter, the police, and... the real murderer."
"A woman is hired as a handmaiden to a Japanese heiress, but secretly she is involved in a plot to defraud her."
"When a multimillionaire man's son is kidnapped, he cooperates with the police at first but then turns the tables on the kidnappers when he uses the ransom money as a reward for the capture of the kidnappers."
"A man accepts an invitation to a dinner party hosted by his ex-wife, an unsettling affair that reopens old wounds and creates new tensions."
"A violent police detective investigates a brutal murder, in which a manipulative and seductive novelist could be involved."
"Intent on seeing the Cahulawassee River before it's dammed and turned into a lake, outdoor fanatic Lewis Medlock takes his friends on a canoeing trip they'll never forget into the dangerous American back-country."
"The mercurial detective, Julien Baptiste, on holiday in Amsterdam with his wife, assists in an investigation for his former girlfriend, the Amsterdam Chief of Police."
"When a young man and his friends dig a hole to expand their restaurant, they enter a nearby bank vault that is being robbed."
"As the Mayan kingdom faces its decline, a young man is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression."
"Mei, a young girl whose memory holds a priceless numerical code, finds herself pursued by the Triads, the Russian mob, and corrupt NYC cops. Coming to her aid is an ex-cage fighter whose life was destroyed by the gangsters on Mei's trail."
"A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the President. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, he goes on the run to find the real killer and the reason he was set up."
Follows a CIA team in Berlin and their clandestine activities.
"Two Chicago firefighter brothers, who don't get along, have to work together while a dangerous arsonist is on the loose."
"The cases of the Miami-Dade, Florida police department's Crime Scene Investigations unit."
A successful cocaine dealer gets two tough assignments from his boss on the eve of his planned early retirement.
The story of a tourist family in Thailand caught in the destruction and chaotic aftermath of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami.
The true story of a disillusioned military contractor employee and his drug pusher childhood friend who became walk-in spies for the Soviet Union.
A mysterious viral outbreak with hallmarks of an ancient and evil strain of vampirism ravages the city of New York.
A teenager's quest to launch Norwegian Black Metal in Oslo in the early 1990s results in a very violent outcome.
Identical twin gangsters Ronald and Reginald Kray terrorize London during the 1960s.
The lives of three men who were childhood friends are shattered when one of them has a family tragedy.
"In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds - and remembers."
"In 1933, retired detective Hercule Poirot is targeted by a taunting killer who sends letters signed ""ABC"", which Poirot must decode in order to discover the identity of the murderer."
"During an attack on a U.S. compound in Libya, a security team struggles to make sense out of the chaos."
The adventures of a Hawaii based private investigator.
"Set against a backdrop of war, religious strife and power struggles which tears lives and families apart."
An African-American police detective is asked to investigate a murder in a racially hostile southern town.
"A disgraced, dissatisfied civil lawyer-turned-beauty pageant coach takes on a vengeful, bullied teenager as his client and has no idea what he's about to unleash upon the world."
"The claustrophobic world of a WWII German U-boat; boredom, filth and sheer terror."
"The story of New Zealand's Robert ""Rob"" Edwin Hall, who on May 10, 1996, together with Scott Fischer, teamed up on a joint expedition to ascend Mount Everest."
"When Louis Bloom, a con man desperate for work, muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism, he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story."
"In mourning over the tragic drowning of their daughter Sarah, James and Adèle are visited by Ebrill, a young girl who claims she died 60 years ago - and bears a startling resemblance to Sarah."
"During the Iraq War, a Sergeant recently assigned to an army bomb squad is put at odds with his squad mates due to his maverick way of handling his work."
"A young man, falsely imprisoned by his jealous ""friend"", escapes and uses a hidden treasure to exact his revenge."
"Hank, a solitary man living a dull existence in the sleepy, Southern town raises eyebrows when he develops a questionable relationship with Josie, a recently transplanted high school student."
"Following Wyatt Earp's great great-granddaughter as she battles demons and other creatures. With her unique abilities and a posse of dysfunctional allies, she's the only thing that can bring the paranormal to justice."
A woman discovers her family's lifestyle has been funded by blood and seeks to protect herself and her loved ones.
"During the era of Prohibition in the United States, Federal Agent Eliot Ness sets out to stop ruthless Chicago gangster Al Capone, and because of rampant corruption, assembles a small, hand-picked team to help him."
"A chronicle of the decade-long hunt for al-Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden after the September 2001 attacks, and his death at the hands of the Navy S.E.A.L.s Team 6 in May 2011."
"Two Boston area detectives investigate a little girl's kidnapping, which ultimately turns into a crisis both professionally and personally."
Follows the lives and cases of a dirty Los Angeles Police Department cop and the unit under his command.
An intellectually nonconformist friar investigates a series of mysterious deaths in an isolated abbey.
"After the deaths of three children suspected to be killed by wolves, writer Russell Core is hired by the parents of a missing six-year-old boy to track down and locate their son in the Alaskan wilderness."
"Acting under the cover of a Hollywood producer scouting a location for a science fiction film, a CIA agent launches a dangerous operation to rescue six Americans in Tehran during the U.S. hostage crisis in Iran in 1979."
"An attorney, intent on climbing the career ladder toward success, finds an unlikely opponent in a manipulative criminal he is trying to prosecute."
"A mother of two who inherits a house is confronted with murderous intruders on the first night in their new home and fights for her daughters' lives. Sixteen years later when the daughters reunite at the house, things get really strange."
A middle-aged woman finds herself in the middle of a huge conflict that will either make her a profit or cost her life.
"When a conservative middle-aged professor engages in a minor dalliance with a femme fatale, he is plunged into a nightmarish quicksand of blackmail and murder."
"Guilt-stricken after a job gone wrong, hitman Ray and his partner await orders from their ruthless boss in Bruges, Belgium, the last place in the world Ray wants to be."
A team of secret agents set out to track down the Nazi officer who masterminded the Holocaust.
Detectives from NYPD's 15th squad investigate homicides within their precinct.
The unexpected arrival of a wounded Union soldier at a girls school in Virginia during the American Civil War leads to jealousy and betrayal.
Military lawyer Lieutenant Daniel Kaffee defends Marines accused of murder. They contend they were acting under orders.
"A motorcycle stunt rider turns to robbing banks as a way to provide for his lover and their newborn child, a decision that puts him on a collision course with an ambitious rookie cop navigating a department ruled by a corrupt detective."
"Ignoring the eerie warning of a troubled mother suspected of child endangerment, a social worker and her own small kids are soon drawn into a frightening supernatural realm."
A family's serene beach vacation turns to chaos when their doppelgängers appear and begin to terrorize them.
"After tragedy strikes, a grieving father discovers an ancient burial ground behind his home with the power to raise the dead."
A mother concerned about her young son's disturbing behavior thinks something supernatural may be affecting him.
"A seedy bar owner hires a mysterious Croatian to commit murder, but a planned double-crossing backfires when a young waitress is taken hostage. A suspenseful, yet darkly humorous chain of events builds to a bloodcurdling climax."
"Twenty-seven years later, the Losers Club have grown up and moved away, until a devastating phone call brings them back."
"A young African-American visits his white girlfriend's parents for the weekend, where his simmering uneasiness about their reception of him eventually reaches a boiling point."
Cinema's top lethal lady vengeance returns in the most anticipated sequel of all time.
Three girls are kidnapped by a man with a diagnosed 23 distinct personalities. They must try to escape before the apparent emergence of a frightful new 24th.
A priest with a haunted past and a novice on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate the death of a young nun in Romania and confront a malevolent force in the form of a demonic nun.
"Determined to keep Annabelle from wreaking more havoc, demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren bring the possessed doll to the locked artifacts room in their home, placing her ""safely"" behind ..."
A horror anthology series with each episode inspired by a holiday.
Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse.
"Fifteen years after murdering his sister on Halloween night 1963, Michael Myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of Haddonfield, Illinois to kill again."
"A teen comes into possession of a new laptop and soon discovers that the previous owner is not only watching him, but will also do anything to get it back."
"The enchanted lives of a couple in a secluded forest are brutally shattered by a nightmarish hippie cult and their demon-biker henchmen, propelling a man into a spiraling, surreal rampage of vengeance."
"A college student must relive the day of her murder over and over again, in a loop that will end only when she discovers her killer's identity."
"A writer who is brutalized during her cabin retreat seeks revenge on her attackers, who left her for dead."
"Thirty years after her accidental death at her 1957 senior prom, the tortured spirit of prom queen Mary Lou Maloney returns to seek revenge."
A supernatural force sets out to exact revenge against art profiteers attempting to exploit a series of paintings by an unknown artist.
Three teenage thieves infiltrate a mansion dinner party secretly hosted by a group of recovering murderers for the social elite.
"Fifteen years after stabbing a classmate to conjure an imaginary phantom known as Mercy Black, Marina Hess is coming home. She's being released from psychiatric care to live with her sister..."
"A group of student activists travels to the Amazon to save the rain forest and soon discover that they are not alone, and that no good deed goes unpunished."
"In a small town in Massachusetts, a group of friends, fascinated by the internet lore of the Slender Man, attempt to prove that he doesn't actually exist - until one of them mysteriously goes missing."
"A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them."
"An aspiring model, Jesse, is new to Los Angeles. However, her beauty and youth, which generate intense fascination and jealousy within the fashion industry, may prove themselves sinister."
"Twelve years after the tragic death of their little girl, a doll-maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home, where they become the target of the doll-maker's possessed creation, Annabelle."
A harmless game of Truth or Dare among friends turns deadly when someone -- or something -- begins to punish those who tell a lie or refuse the dare.
A husband and wife who recently lost their baby adopt a 9 year-old girl who is not nearly as innocent as she claims to be.
"After suspecting that their police officer neighbor is a serial killer, a group of teenage friends spend their summer spying on him and gathering evidence, but as they get closer to discovering the truth, things get dangerous."
"A father and son, both coroners, are pulled into a complex mystery while attempting to identify the body of a young woman, who was apparently harboring dark secrets."
A former child star torments her paraplegic sister in their decaying Hollywood mansion.
A family looks to prevent evil spirits from trapping their comatose child in a realm called The Further.
"When a cop who is just out of rehab takes the graveyard shift in a city hospital morgue, she faces a series of bizarre, violent events caused by an evil entity in one of the corpses."
"Best friends Marie and Alexia decide to spend a quiet weekend at Alexia's parents' secluded farmhouse. But on the night of their arrival, the girls' idyllic getaway turns into an endless night of horror."
An expecting Mother (Rachel) and husband (Matt) crash their car in the countryside and are offered shelter by a farmer and his wife. Rachel soon realizes the farmer's children are in fact ...
"Anthology series hosted by Boris Karloff that originally told ordinary tales of crime and mystery, but later became a showcase for gothic horror stories, many of which were based on works ..."
"A suburban American family is being stalked by a group of psychotic people who live in the desert, far away from civilization."
"Secrets are just part of daily life in the small Pennsylvania town of Hemlock Grove,where the darkest evils hide in plain sight."
"When Katie innocently accepts an offer to have new photos taken for her portfolio, the experience quickly turns into a nightmare of rape, torture and kidnapping. Now, she will have to find the strength to exact her brutal revenge."
A serialized anthology series that follows a group of teenagers being targeted by a masked serial killer.
"Two strangers, who awaken in a room with no recollection of how they got there, soon discover they're pawns in a deadly game perpetrated by a notorious serial killer."
"A caving expedition goes horribly wrong, as the explorers become trapped and ultimately pursued by a strange breed of predators."
"Five friends head to a remote cabin, where the discovery of a Book of the Dead leads them to unwittingly summon up demons living in the nearby woods."
An illustrious British boarding school becomes a bloody battleground when a mysterious sinkhole appears at a nearby fracking site unleashing unspeakable horror.
"A young woman is involuntarily committed to a mental institution, where she is confronted by her greatest fear--but is it real or a product of her delusion?"
"A newcomer to a Catholic prep high school falls in with a trio of outcast teenage girls who practice witchcraft, and they all soon conjure up various spells and curses against those who anger them."
A deaf writer who retreated into the woods to live a solitary life must fight for her life in silence when a masked killer appears at her window.
"A brilliant man marries a beautiful woman and shows her his home, stating that it's all hers - except a room she can't enter. First chance she enters and discovers what might be human cloning. When the husband returns she pays the price."
"Three backpackers head to a Slovak city that promises to meet their hedonistic expectations, with no idea of the hell that awaits them."
"Parapsychologist Dr. Elise Rainier faces her most fearsome and personal haunting yet, as she is drawn back to her ghostly childhood home, where the terror began."
"In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces."
A nerdish boy buys a strange car with an evil mind of its own and his nature starts to change to reflect it.
"Angela is still haunted by the memory of being gang raped and almost killed years ago. At her therapist's advice, she joins group therapy, meeting similar women. She befriends one and they want more than just talk - justice/vengeance."
A punk rock band is forced to fight for survival after witnessing a murder at a neo-Nazi skinhead bar.
Plot unknown. Third installment of the Conjuring franchise.
A detective and a psychoanalyst uncover evidence of a satanic cult while investigating the rape of a young woman.
"Ensconced in her sprawling California mansion, eccentric firearm heiress Sarah Winchester believes she is haunted by the souls of people killed by the Winchester repeating rifle."
"An anthology series based on popular Internet Creepypastas Candle Cove, The No-End House, Butcher's Block, and The Dream Door."
A family's home is haunted by a host of demonic ghosts.
Newlyweds are terrorized by demonic forces after moving into a large house that was the site of a grisly mass murder a year before.
Washed-up true-crime writer Ellison Oswalt finds a box of super 8 home movies that suggest the murder he is currently researching is the work of a serial killer whose work dates back to the 1960s.
A couple begins to experience terrifying supernatural occurrences involving a vintage doll shortly after their home is invaded by satanic cultists.
"In the Far East, Alex O'Connell, the son of famed mummy fighters Rick and Evy O'Connell, unearths the mummy of the first Emperor of Qin -- a shape-shifting entity cursed by a witch centuries ago."
"The infamous story of Benjamin Barker, aka Sweeney Todd, who sets up a barber shop in London which is the basis for a sinister partnership with his fellow tenant, Mrs. Lovett."
"LOOK AWAY is a psychological thriller that tells the story of Maria, an alienated high-school student whose life is turned upside down when she switches places with her sinister mirror image."
A young woman travels to Texas to collect an inheritance; little does she know that an encounter with a chainsaw-wielding killer is part of the reward.
"Rebecca must unlock the terror behind her little brother's experiences that once tested her sanity, bringing her face to face with a supernatural spirit attached to their mother."
A young woman's sexual awakening brings horror when she discovers her urges transform her into a monstrous black leopard.
"A woman, separated from her unfaithful husband, falls for a younger man who has moved in next door, but their torrid affair soon takes a dangerous turn."
"An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive."
"A repressed female psychiatrist wakes up as a patient in the asylum where she worked, with no memory of why she is there or what she has done."
Four teen girls diving in a ruined underwater city quickly learn they've entered the territory of the deadliest shark species in the claustrophobic labyrinth of submerged caves.
"A young man and his three younger siblings, who have kept secret the death of their beloved mother in order to remain together, are plagued by a sinister presence in the sprawling manor in which they live."
"When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead."
"A likable guy pursues his office crush with the help of his evil talking pets, but things turn sinister when she stands him up for a date."
A young couple take in their two nieces only to suspect that a supernatural spirit named Mama has latched itself to their family.
"A ""National Geographic"" film crew is taken hostage by an insane hunter, who forces them along on his quest to capture the world's largest - and deadliest - snake."
"Pregnant with director Roman Polanski's child and awaiting his return from Europe, 26-year-old Hollywood actress Sharon Tate becomes plagued by visions of her imminent death."
Three friends stumble upon the horrific origins of a mysterious figure they discover is the root cause of the evil behind unspeakable acts.
"A Russian woman travels to America with her daughter to marry a reclusive billionaire, who turns out to be a psycho who sends their lives spiraling into a living hell."
An unfaithful wife encounters the zombie of her dead lover; the demonic cenobites are pursuing him after he escaped their sadomasochistic underworld.
A maniacal clown terrorizes three young women on Halloween night and everyone else who stands in his way.
A woman who lives in her darkened old family house with her two photosensitive children becomes convinced that the home is haunted.
"The Candyman, a murderous soul with a hook for a hand, is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster's myth."
Two psychopathic young men take a family hostage in their cabin.
An intelligent high school student goes on a secret crusade to eliminate criminals from the world after discovering a notebook capable of killing anyone whose name is written into it.
A picture-perfect family is shattered when the work of a serial killer hits too close to home. Dylan McDermott stars in this chilling portrait of all-American evil.
"After kidnapping and brutally assaulting two young women, a gang unknowingly finds refuge at a vacation home belonging to the parents of one of the victims: a mother and father who devise an increasingly gruesome series of revenge tactics."
"Four young men who belong to a New England supernatural legacy are forced to battle a fifth power long thought to have died out. Meanwhile, jealousy and suspicion threaten to tear them apart."
"A group of teenagers get into a car crash in the Texas woods on prom night, and then wander into an old farmhouse that is home to Leatherface and his insane family of cannibalistic psychopaths."
"A sheriff investigating the disappearance of a young girl from a small island discovers there's a larger mystery to solve among the island's secretive, neo-pagan community."
"Bodies are turning up around the city, each having met a uniquely gruesome demise. As the investigation proceeds, evidence points to one suspect: John Kramer, the man known as Jigsaw, who has been dead for over 10 years."
A pair of burglars stumble upon a woman being held captive in a home they intended to rob.
A teenager and his mother find themselves besieged by threatening forces when they move into a new house.
"Tales of horror based on the gruesome E.C. comic books of the 1950s presented by the legendary Crypt Keeper, a sinister ghoul obsessed with gallows humor and horrific puns."
"Alice, an ambitious camgirl, wakes up one day to discover she's been replaced on her show with an exact replica of herself."
"After a deadly viral outbreak, an elite squad of special forces soldiers must infiltrate a quarantine zone to rescue a scientist who holds the only cure to save mankind."
Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez's homage to exploitation double features in the 60s and 70s with two back-to-back cult films that include previews of coming attractions between them.
"Five carnival workers are kidnapped and held hostage in an abandoned, Hell-like compound where they are forced to participate in a violent game, the goal of which is to survive twelve hours against a gang of sadistic clowns."
A secret agent exacts revenge on a serial killer through a series of captures and releases.
"Soon after a stranger arrives in a little village, a mysterious sickness starts spreading. A policeman, drawn into the incident, is forced to solve the mystery in order to save his daughter."
"A group of online chat room friends find themselves haunted by a mysterious, supernatural force using the account of their dead friend."
"After being mortally wounded and taken to the morgue, murderer Jason Voorhees spontaneously revives and embarks on a killing spree as he makes his way back to his home at Camp Crystal Lake."
"When Kimberly has a violent premonition of a highway pileup she blocks the freeway, keeping a few others meant to die, safe...Or are they? The survivors mysteriously start dying and it's up to Kimberly to stop it before she's next."
"A student's premonition of a deadly rollercoaster ride saves her life and a lucky few, but not from Death itself, which seeks out those who escaped their fate."
A teenage girl and her little brother must survive a wild 24 hours during which a mass hysteria of unknown origins causes parents to turn violently on their own kids.
A young solicitor travels to a remote village where he discovers the vengeful ghost of a scorned woman is terrorizing the locals.
Chief Brody's widow believes that her family is deliberately being targeted by another shark in search of revenge.
"Three American college students studying abroad are lured to a Slovakian hostel, and discover the grim reality behind it."
"Mrs. Voorhees is dead, and Camp Crystal Lake is shut down, but a camp next to the infamous place is stalked by an unknown assailant."
"A teenage Leatherface escapes from a mental hospital with three other inmates, kidnapping a young nurse and taking her on a road trip from hell, while being pursued by a lawman out for revenge."
"Chucky returns to terrorize his human victim, Nica. Meanwhile, the killer doll has some scores to settle with his old enemies, with the help of his former wife."
A couple adopt an orphaned child whose dreams - and nightmares - manifest physically as he sleeps.
"After an experimental bio-weapon is released, turning thousands into zombie-like creatures, it's up to a rag-tag group of survivors to stop the infected and those behind its release."
"After a young man's premonition of a deadly race-car crash helps saves the lives of his peers, Death sets out to collect those who evaded their end."
Dramatizations of many Roald Dahl short stories.
"After returning to his childhood home, a disgraced children's puppeteer is forced to confront his wicked stepfather and the secrets that have tortured his entire life."
"In 1967 Los Angeles, a widowed mother and her daughters add a new stunt to bolster their seance scam business by inviting an evil presence into their home, not realizing how dangerous it is."
"Former FBI profiler Will Graham returns to service to pursue a deranged serial murderer named ""the Tooth Fairy"" by the media."
A retired pop singer turned actress' sense of reality is shaken when she is stalked by an obsessed fan and seemingly a ghost of her past.
A young couple staying in an isolated vacation home are terrorized by three unknown assailants.
A personal shopper in Paris refuses to leave the city until she makes contact with her twin brother who previously died there. Her life becomes more complicated when a mysterious person contacts her via text message.
"Desperate to repay his debt to his ex-wife, an ex-con plots a heist at his new employer's country home, unaware that a second criminal has also targeted the property, and rigged it with a series of deadly traps."
"Still haunted by his past, Tommy Jarvis - who, as a child, killed Jason Voorhees - wonders if the serial killer is connected to a series of brutal murders occurring in and around the secluded halfway house where he now lives."
A cello prodigy's pursuit for perfection takes a sinister turn.
A group of unwitting teens are stranded near a strange wax museum and soon must fight to survive and keep from becoming the next exhibit.
"Rose Hathaway is a Dhampir, half human-half vampire, a guardian of the Moroi, peaceful, mortal vampires living discreetly within our world. Her calling is to protect the Moroi from bloodthirsty, immortal Vampires, the Strigoi."
"Set in Middle America, a group of teens receive an online invitation for sex, though they soon encounter fundamentalists with a much more sinister agenda."
A private investigator is hired by a man who calls himself Louis Cyphre to track down a singer named Johnny Favorite. But the investigation takes an unexpected and somber turn.
A mythological story about a goddess who created the entire universe. The plot revolves around the consequences when humans build a temple for her first-born.
An insurance investigator begins discovering that the impact a horror writer's books have on his fans is more than inspirational.
"A loan officer who evicts an old woman from her home finds herself the recipient of a supernatural curse. Desperate, she turns to a seer to try and save her soul, while evil forces work to push her to a breaking point."
"A Tokyo college student is attacked by a ghoul, a superpowered human who feeds on human flesh. He survives, but has become part ghoul and becomes a fugitive on the run."
"Tom returns to his hometown on the tenth anniversary of the Valentine's night massacre that claimed the lives of 22 people. Instead of a homecoming, Tom finds himself suspected of committing the murders, and it seems like his old flame is the only one that believes he's innocent."
Two brothers find themselves lost in a mysterious land and try to find their way home.
A great white shark hunts the crew of a capsized sailboat along the Great Barrier Reef.
"In the aftermath of his girlfriend's mysterious death, a young man awakens to find strange horns sprouting from his temples."
"Plot unknown. Sequel to the 2018 film, 'A Quiet Place'."
"In Warsaw, a pair of mermaid sisters are adopted into a cabaret. While one seeks love with humans the other hungers to dine on the human population of the city."
"A female Psychologist who has stopped practicing medicine, decides to take the case of Veronica de la Serna, a young woman whose previous therapist has mysteriously disappeared."
Children are hidden away in the attic by their conspiring mother and grandmother.
"Set in a single room of an average American hotel, telling a different story of the assorted guests who pass through."
A group of college freshmen pledge an exclusive fraternity but soon realize there's more at stake than they could have ever imagined.
"After losing his parents, a priest travels to China, where he inherits a mysterious ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. At first horrified by this new power, a hooker convinces him to use it to fight crime. And ninjas."
The secret to a Stepford wife lies behind the doors of the Men's Association of how women become different and immobilized robots.
A young FBI agent disappears while investigating a murder miles from Twin Peaks that may be related to the future murder of Laura Palmer; the last week of the life of Laura Palmer is chronicled.
"After an Alaskan town is plunged into darkness for a month, it is attacked by a bloodthirsty gang of vampires."
"An estranged family take a trip to the desert in their used RV but become stranded and isolated in the scorching terrain. They soon learn their RV holds terrible, haunting secrets, and it starts killing them off one by one."
"A passionate holiday romance leads to an obsessive relationship, when an Australian photojournalist wakes one morning in a Berlin apartment and is unable to leave."
"Having revived from his wounds, Jason Voorhees takes refuge at a cabin near Crystal Lake. As a group of co-eds arrive for their vacation, Jason continues his killing spree."
A teenage girl discovers a box that carries magic powers and a deadly price for using them.
Disturbing and mysterious things begin to happen to a bartender in New Orleans after he picks up a phone left behind at his bar.
"Set in a medieval village that is haunted by a werewolf, a young girl falls for an orphaned woodcutter, much to her family's displeasure."
"A woman brings her family back to her childhood home, which used to be an orphanage for handicapped children. Before long, her son starts to communicate with an invisible new friend."
Survivors of a suspension-bridge collapse learn there's no way you can cheat Death.
"When Eleanor, Theo, and Luke decide to take part in a sleep study at a huge mansion they get more than they bargained for when Dr. Marrow tells them of the house's ghostly past."
"A man who escapes from the vicious grips of the serial killer known as ""The Collector"" is then forced to help rescue an innocent girl from the killer's booby-trapped lair."
"A young woman grieving the loss of her mother, a famous scream queen from the 1980s, finds herself pulled into the world of her mom's most famous movie. Reunited, the women must fight off the film's maniacal killer."
A routine military exercise turns into a nightmare in the Scotland wilderness.
A young couple's weekend getaway at a secluded mountain ranch becomes an unfathomable nightmare when they discover the truth about the caretaker.
"Refusing to let anything spoil their romantic weekend break, a young couple confront a gang of loutish youths with terrifyingly brutal consequences."
A thriller centered around a widower who moves into a seemingly perfect new home with his daughter and new wife.
"New York police officer Ralph Sarchie investigates a series of crimes. He joins forces with an unconventional priest, schooled in the rites of exorcism, to combat the possessions that are terrorizing their city."
Three people - a rich couple and a crew member - are shipwrecked on a tropical island and their subsequent fight for survival becomes even tougher when they begin to turn on each other.
"Before being sent to serve in Vietnam, two brothers and their girlfriends take one last road trip, but when they get into an accident, a terrifying experience will take them to a secluded house of horrors, with a chainsaw-wielding killer."
"A young genius accidentally invents a device that amplifies the paranormal activity within his family's house, possibly bringing back the spirits of loved ones, and unleashing things far worse."
A young college professor and his pregnant wife unwittingly release a malevolent entity with murderous intentions.
"In a twisted social experiment, eighty Americans are locked in their high-rise corporate office in Bogotá, Colombia, and ordered by an unknown voice coming from the company's intercom system to participate in a deadly game of kill or be killed."
"A reporter is drawn to a small West Virginia town to investigate a series of strange events, including psychic visions and the appearance of bizarre entities."
A teenage slacker's right hand becomes possessed with murderous intent.
"A cryptic phone call sets off a dangerous game of risks for Elliot, a down-on-his luck salesman. The game promises increasing rewards for completing 13 tasks, each more sinister than the last."
"A young videographer answers an online ad for a one-day job in a remote town to record the last messages of a dying man. When he notices the man's odd behavior, he starts to question his intentions."
"An American nurse living and working in Tokyo is exposed to a mysterious supernatural curse, one that locks a person in a powerful rage before claiming their life and spreading to another victim."
A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds Bea wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night.
"High school loner Bird Fitcher has no idea what dark secrets are tied to the mysterious Polaroid vintage camera she stumbles upon, but it doesn't take long to discover that those who have their picture taken meet a tragic end."
A lawyer takes on a negligent homicide case involving a priest who performed an exorcism on a young girl.
A small-town farmer's son reluctantly joins a traveling group of vampires after he is bitten by a beautiful drifter.
An evil is unleashed in a small town when a logging company sets up shop in the neighboring woods.
A young woman fights the spirit that is slowly taking possession of her.
"A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence."
"Residents of a coastal town learn, with deathly consequences, the secret shared by the two mysterious women who have sought shelter at a local resort."
Police chief Brody must protect the citizens of Amity after a second monstrous shark begins terrorizing the waters.
"Cujo, a friendly St. Bernard, contracts rabies and conducts a reign of terror on a small American town."
The paths of a desperate man and an imprisoned young woman cross unexpectedly in the den of a mysterious killer.
"From Michael McDowell, the writer of Beetlejuice (1988) and The Nightmare Before Christmas (1993), comes a chilling tale of supernatural vengeance."
"The Lamberts believe that they have defeated the spirits that have haunted their family, but they soon discover that evil is not beaten so easily."
A housewife suspects that her seemingly perfect eight year-old daughter is a heartless killer.
"Tommy Jarvis goes to the graveyard to get rid of Jason Voorhees' body once and for all, but inadvertently brings him back to life instead. The newly revived killer once again seeks revenge, and Tommy may be the only one who can defeat him."
"Eight candidates for a highly desirable corporate job are locked together in an exam room and given a final test with just one question. It seems simple yet confusing that soon, tensions begin to unravel."
"In 1921, England is overwhelmed by the loss and grief of World War I. Hoax exposer Florence Cathcart visits a boarding school to explain sightings of a child ghost. Everything she believes unravels as the 'missing' begin to show themselves."
When a husband discovers his sexually adventurous wife murdered; he can't remember if he killed her or not.
"A man kisses his wife and baby goodbye and seemingly heads away on business, with a plan to check into a hotel, call an escort service, and kill an unsuspecting prostitute."
"At the end of the century, Satan visits New York in search of a bride. It's up to an ex-cop who now runs an elite security outfit to stop him."
"Anna returns home after a stint in a mental hospital, but her recovery is jeopardized by her cruel stepmother and ghastly visions of her dead mother."
A torn suburban family refuses to heed the warning of an innocent prank left upon them which causes an unknown supernatural force to wreak havoc.
A prequel set before the haunting of the Lambert family that reveals how gifted psychic Elise Rainier reluctantly agrees to use her ability to contact the dead in order to help a teenage girl who has been targeted by a dangerous supernatural entity.
"Sophie wakes up, hears scary noises from her parents' bedroom and sees her dad dead. A psychologist arrives there to determine what happened."
"After moving to a new town, a young college student retreats to the country for a weekend of solace when she quickly finds out that she is not alone and needs to fight for her life."
A government employee discovers that the cause of the tensions between the two political parties is a race of extraterrestrial insects eating the brains of the politicians.
"A woman wakes up every day, remembering nothing as a result of a traumatic accident in her past. One day, new terrifying truths emerge that force her to question everyone around her."
"Six tourists hire an extreme tour guide who takes them to the abandoned city Pripyat, the former home to the workers of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor. During their exploration, they soon discover they are not alone."
A young couple is trapped in a remote town where a dangerous religious cult of children believe everyone over the age of 18 must be killed.
"After a seemingly innocent prank goes horribly wrong, a group of sorority sisters are stalked and murdered one by one in their sorority house while throwing a party to celebrate their graduation."
Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a legendary man-hunter to battle with an ancient evil presence that is threatening their major party plans.
A confused religious girl tries to deny her feelings for a female friend who's in love with her. This causes her suppressed subconsciously-controlled psychokinetic powers to reemerge with devastating results.
"In Victorian-era London, a troubled clairvoyant police detective investigates the murders of Jack the Ripper."
Two wanted women decide to rob their wealthy psychotic friend who lives in the fantasy world they created as children; to take the money they have to take part in a deadly perverse game of make believe.
"Biopic about notorious American serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer, taking place in both the past and the present."
Three backpackers stranded in the Australian outback are plunged in a hellish nightmare of insufferable torture by a sadistic psychopathic local.
A young woman finds herself on the receiving end of a terrifying curse that threatens to take her life in 7 days.
"When a college student unfriends a mysterious girl online, she finds herself fighting a demonic presence that wants to make her lonely by killing her closest friends."
Sequel to the 2016 South Korean zombie film.
An institutionalized young woman becomes terrorized by a ghost.
A college freshman discovers a dark secret about the sorority house she's pledging for after a series of murders terrorize the campus.
A young mother and her twin sons move into a rural house that's marked for death.
"When a veteran 911 operator takes a life-altering call from a teenage girl who has just been abducted, she realizes that she must confront a killer from her past in order to save the girl's life."
"An Oxford graduate takes up a job in a mental asylum, only to discover that the ""revolutionary"" new treatments are inhumane, and that there is more going on than meets the eye."
"Still a stranger to her own body, a high school student discovers she has a physical advantage when she becomes the object of male violence."
A family is haunted by the tragedies of deaths within the family.
"A successful businessman and a workaholic, Harsh Tandon (Javed Jaaferi) is an insomniac, resulting from which he often sees strange faces. Advised by his friend cum psychiatrist, he agrees ..."
A group of reality show contestants find themselves fighting for their survival against a family of hideously deformed inbred cannibals who plan to ruthlessly butcher them all.
Rod Serling presents tales of horror illustrated in various paintings.
"On a quiet suburban street, a babysitter must defend a twelve-year-old boy from intruders, only to discover it's far from a normal home invasion."
"A television reporter and her cameraman are trapped inside a building quarantined by the CDC, after the outbreak of a mysterious virus which turns humans into bloodthirsty killers."
"A journalist goes undercover to ferret out businessman Harrison Hill as her childhood friend's killer. Posing as one of his temps, she enters into a game of online cat-and-mouse."
A business commuter is pursued and terrorized by the malevolent driver of a massive tractor-trailer.
A young nurse takes care of an elderly author who lives in a haunted house.
"A woman goes into Japan's Suicide Forest to find her twin sister, and confronts supernatural terror."
"As the Allies sweep across Germany, Lore leads her siblings on a journey that exposes them to the truth of their parents' beliefs. An encounter with a mysterious refugee forces Lore to rely on a person she has always been taught to hate."
The sons of police chief Brody must protect customers at a SeaWorld theme park after a thirty-five-foot shark becomes trapped in the park with them.
"Returning to her childhood home in Louisiana to recuperate from a horrific car accident, Jessabelle comes face to face with a long-tormented spirit that has been seeking her return -- and has no intention of letting her escape."
"In 18th century France, the Chevalier de Fronsac and his native American friend Mani are sent by the King to the Gevaudan province to investigate the killings of hundreds by a mysterious beast."
A private investigator must unravel the murder of her uncle while keeping the secret that she is a descendant from a line of werewolves.
Two wealthy law-school students go on trial for murder in this version of the Leopold-Loeb case.
Sheriff Dan Tashtego and a team of creeper hunters enlist the help of officer Davis Tubbs to help stop the monster's eating spree.
"An amusement park mogul offers a group of diverse people $1,000,000 to spend the night in a haunted house with a horrifying past."
Serial killer Jason Voorhees' supernatural origins are revealed.
"Psychologist Margaret Matheson and her assistant study paranormal activity, which leads them to investigate a world-renowned psychic who has resurfaced years after his toughest critic mysteriously passed away."
"A married couple becomes stranded at an isolated motel and finds hidden video cameras in their room. They soon realize that unless they escape, they'll be the next victims of a snuff film."
"After moving with her mother to a small town, a teenager finds that an accident happened in the house at the end of the street. Things get more complicated when she befriends a boy who was the only survivor of the accident."
A woman is convinced her kidnapper has returned when her sister goes missing.
"Chucky and Tiffany are resurrected by their innocent son, Glen, and hit Hollywood, where a movie depicting the killer dolls' murder spree is underway."
"1920, rural Ireland. Anglo Irish twins Rachel and Edward share a strange existence in their crumbling family estate. Each night, the property becomes the domain of a sinister presence (The ..."
"A horde of mutated birds descends upon the quiet town of Half Moon Bay, California. With the death toll rising, Two citizens manage to fight back, but will they survive Birdemic?"
A couple's replacement babysitter turns out to be more than they bargained for when she subjects their kids to a series of twisted activities.
"A psychiatrist tries to put her life back together after a violent attack by seeking to repair the life of a new patient, but he has his own terrifying history."
"When a freak hurricane swamps Los Angeles, nature's deadliest killer rules sea, land, and air as thousands of sharks terrorize the waterlogged populace."
"A desperate single mother moves with her three children into the notorious, supposedly haunted, real-life Amityville house to try and use its dark powers to cure her comatose son. Things go horribly wrong."
"A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his wealthy parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted."
"After her mother's mysterious death, Nica begins to suspect that the talking, red-haired doll her visiting niece has been playing with may be the key to recent bloodshed and chaos."
"Majestic mountains, a still lake and venomous betrayals engulf a female married couple attempting to celebrate their one-year anniversary."
"A young college student desperate for tuition money moves into a house that streams content to an X-rated website. After a deranged fan determines the house's location, she finds herself in..."
A neuroscientist's obsession with a drug that expands the human mind inadvertently unleashes a deadly supernatural force on his team.
"Most of the passengers on an airplane disappear, and the remainder land the plane in a mysteriously barren airport."
"Refusing to believe her story about cave-dwelling monsters, the sole survivor of a spelunking exploration gone horribly wrong is forced to follow the authorities back into the caves where something awaits."
"A loving father finds a clown suit for his son's birthday party, only to realize that it's cursed."
A man bumps into an old crush and holds her captive underneath the animal shelter where he works.
A team of scientists are thrust into a potentially life-or-death situation when they arrive in the Arctic to secretly investigate what could be an outbreak of a strange disease in a secluded international research facility.
"An art student taps into a rich source of creative inspiration after the accidental slaughter of her rapist. An unlikely vigilante emerges, set out to avenge college girls whose attackers walked free."
"Plagued by a series of apocalyptic visions, a young husband and father questions whether to shelter his family from a coming storm, or from himself."
"Years after Tommy Jarvis chained him underwater at Camp Crystal Lake, the dormant Jason Voorhees is accidentally released from his prison by a telekinetic teenager. Now, only she can stop him."
A man becomes the superintendent of a large New York City apartment building where people mysteriously go missing.
An urban couple go camping in the woods and find themselves lost in the territory of a predatory black bear.
Jigsaw abducts a doctor in order to keep himself alive while he watches his new apprentice put an unlucky citizen named Jeff through a brutal test.
"Twin boys move to a new home with their mother after she has face changing cosmetic surgery, but under her bandages is someone the children don't recognize."
An 18-year-old college freshman is seduced by a handsome vampire lover who introduce her to a dark world of carnal desires.
"During a visit to friends, Sara begins having visions and is attacked by an unearthly creature."
A spaceship is discovered under three hundred years' worth of coral growth at the bottom of the ocean.
"In an alternative Victorian Age Gotham City, Batman begins his war on crime while he investigates a new series of murders by Jack the Ripper."
An American seminary student travels to Italy to take an exorcism course.
"Heidi, a radio DJ, is sent a box containing a record - a ""gift from the Lords"". The sounds within the grooves trigger flashbacks of her town's violent past. Is Heidi going mad, or are the Lords back to take revenge on Salem, Massachusetts?"
"The angel Gabriel comes to Earth to collect a soul which will end the stalemated war in Heaven, and only a former priest and a little girl can stop him."
A boatful of graduating high school students headed to Manhattan accidentally pull Jason Voorhees along for the ride.
A small group of military officers and scientists dwell in an underground bunker as the world above is overrun by zombies.
"Following Jigsaw's grisly demise, Mark Hoffman is commended as a hero, but Agent Strahm is suspicious, and delves into Hoffman's past. Meanwhile, another group of people are put through a series of gruesome tests."
"After twenty-two years of psychiatric care, Norman Bates attempts to return to a life of solitude, but the specters of his crimes - and his mother - continue to haunt him."
"Twin gynecologists take full advantage of the fact that nobody can tell them apart, until their relationship begins to deteriorate over a woman."
Plot unknown. Reported to be a psychological horror thriller set in London with a female lead.
"A random invitation to a Halloween party leads a man into the hands of a rogue collective intent on murdering him for the sake of their art, sparking a bloodbath of mishap, mayhem and hilarity."
"A disfigured composer sells his soul for the woman he loves so that she will perform his music. However, an evil record tycoon betrays him and steals his music to open his rock palace, The Paradise."
"After risking her life to expose the corruption of the thinning test, Laina Michaels becomes the target of Governor Redding's Machiavellian presidential campaign. Blake Redding, trapped and..."
"When her child goes missing, a mother looks to unravel the legend of the Tall Man, an entity who allegedly abducts children."
"After a tragedy, John Ingram and his wife Rae are spending some time isolated at sea, when they come across a stranger who has abandoned a sinking ship."
A sex-repulsed woman who disapproves of her sister's boyfriend sinks into depression and has horrific visions of rape and violence.
A group of friends must confront their most terrifying fears when they awaken the dark powers of an ancient spirit board.
"When a family of five rent a beautiful house for their summer vacation, the price seems too good to be true."
"Recovering from an ambush that killed his entire team, a vengeful vampire slayer must retrieve an ancient Catholic relic that, should it be acquired by vampires, will allow them to walk in sunlight."
Two estranged sisters are forced to rob a bank in order to save their brother. But this is no ordinary bank.
"A brilliant billionaire named Carl Durant is experimenting on bull sharks, which soon rebel to cause havoc for a group of scientists."
"Laurie Strode, now the dean of a Northern California private school with an assumed name, must battle the Shape one last time, as the life of her own son hangs in the balance."
Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job.
"An idealistic, straight-edge teacher is drawn down a horrid rabbit hole by an honors student when he gives him a B+ on a paper."
A demonic force has chosen Freddy Krueger as its portal to the real world. Can Heather Langenkamp play the part of Nancy one last time and trap the evil trying to enter our world?
Detective Jackson Briggs recruits the assassin Hanzo Hasachi into an undercover mission - enter an illegal tournament and eliminate all its criminal participants.
"When a group of misfits are hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house and acquire a rare VHS tape, they discover more found footage than they bargained for."
"An elderly woman battling Alzheimer's disease agrees to let a film crew document her condition, but what they discover is something far more sinister going on."
"Decades-old found footage from NASA's abandoned Apollo 18 mission, where two American astronauts were sent on a secret expedition, reveals the reason the U.S. has never returned to the moon."
A man teaches a young woman how to become a complete weapon. Later she is approached by a group of sadistic teens who kill blonde women for unknown reasons. The hunting season begins.
"As a widower tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide, his daughter finds solace, at first, in her imaginary friend."
"Creeped Out is a series of spellbinding, enchanting and intriguing tales. Each episode is a different story set in a different place and time, with different characters exploring their way through the unexplained."
"Despite Jigsaw's death, and in order to save the lives of two of his colleagues, Lieutenant Rigg is forced to take part in a new game, which promises to test him to the limit."
"After discovering a video showing what he believes to be his vanished sister Heather, James and a group of friends head to the forest believed to be inhabited by the Blair Witch."
A small town's women give birth to unfriendly alien children posing as humans.
A hospice nurse working at a spooky New Orleans plantation home finds herself entangled in a mystery involving the house's dark past.
Five women are stalked by an unknown assailant while preparing for Valentine's Day.
"Two adults and a juvenile break into a house occupied by a brother and sister and their stolen children. There, they must fight for their lives."
A group of National Guard trainees find themselves battling against a vicious group of mutants on their last day of training in the desert.
Twin Peaks before Twin Peaks (1990) and at the same time not always and entirely in the same place as Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992). A feature film which presents deleted scenes from Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992) assembled together for the first time in an untold portion of the story's prequel.
"By day, Abby Russell is a dedicated nurse, but by night, she lures cheating men to their brutal deaths and exposes them for who they really are."
"Carol Anne is staying with her aunt in a high-rise building, where the supernatural forces haunting her make their return."
Desert ants suddenly form a collective intelligence and begin to wage war on the desert inhabitants. It is up to two scientists and a stray girl they rescue from the ants to destroy them. ...
"A frustrated, angst-ridden teenage girl awakens something in the woods when she naively performs an occult ritual to evoke a witch to kill her mother."
"A young woman's desperate search for her abducted boyfriend draws her into the infamous Colonia Dignidad, a sect nobody has ever escaped from."
A boy is trying to find out about his family history and stumbles upon a town of lycans.
A pair of mischievous high school kids create the illusion of a haunting on an unsuspecting elderly neighbor while keeping his every reaction under surveillance. A series of coincidences leads to tragedy.
A jazz pianist and a wisecracking journalist are pulled into a complex web of mystery after the former witnesses the brutal murder of a psychic.
A young African-American travels across the U.S. in the 1950s in search of his missing father.
"A scientific expedition sets out for Borneo to seek a flower called the Blood Orchid, which could grant longer life. Meanwhile, they run afoul of snakes and each other."
A group of people with psychic powers are invited to spend the night in a haunted house.
"When an escape room attraction turns from a fun bonding activity to a dangerous paranormal experience, a father and daughter must flee from an angry spirit."
"As a woman struggles to come to grips with her past in the wake of her mother's death and the disappearance of her sister, an unsettling presence emerges in her childhood home."
A babysitter finds a VHS tape which features various sinister murders performed by a psychotic clown.
"As the Barrett family's peaceful suburban life is rocked by an escalating series of disturbing events, they come to learn that a terrifying and deadly force is after them, one which may have arrived from beyond the stars."
A California couple and a survivalist encounter Leatherface and his family.
"A video artist looking for work drives to a remote house in the forest to meet a man claiming to be a serial killer. But after agreeing to spend the day with him, she soon realizes that she made a deadly mistake."
"The new sequel finds Burt Gummer, who's dying from Graboid poison, and his son Travis at a remote research station in Canada's Nunavut Territory, where they must go up against a new batch of Graboids to save Burt's life."
A girl is trapped inside her family's lakeside retreat and becomes unable to contact the outside world as supernatural forces haunt the house with mysterious energy and consequences.
A young man tries to help a teenage European girl who escaped from a clinic hospital after witnessing the murder of her parents by a serial killer and they try to find the killer before the killer finds them.
Two children living in different countries are visited nightly by a faceless being who wants to take possession of them.
"Set in the future in a time of interplanetary colonization, an unlikely pair race against an impending global crisis and are confronted by the monsters that live inside us all."
"When Brent turns down his classmate Lola's invitation to the prom, she concocts a wildly violent plan for revenge."
A single mom tries to break free from a mysterious organization that has abducted her.
"When a mysterious cell phone signal causes apocalyptic chaos, an artist is determined to reunite with his young son in New England."
The tiny fur ball aliens that will eat anything or anyone set their sights on a Los Angeles apartment tower.
"After a series of bad experiences with men, Shae teams up with her co-worker, Lu, who has a simple, deadly way of dealing with the opposite sex."
"A quadriplegic man has a trained monkey help him with his paralysis, until the little monkey begins to develop feelings, and rage, against its new master."
Two piranha/anaconda hybrid creatures hunt down the scientist who stole their egg and a film crew; making a slasher film in the jungle.
"Four men attending a bachelor party in Las Vegas fall prey to the Elite Hunting Club, who are hosting a gruesome game show of torture."
"Inspired by true events, two sisters are trapped under the fiberglass cover of an Olympic sized public pool and must brave the cold and each other to survive the harrowing night."
"When young newlyweds Julia and Rivers find themselves trapped in a quaint, Carolina coastal bed and breakfast with fellow stragglers during a dangerous hurricane, they soon begin to suspect..."
"This fantasy action-adventure series follows four teenage boys who get lost in the forest and discover, when they return home, that they are in an alternate world identical to theirs except..."
"During a babysitting gig, a high-school student is harassed by an increasingly threatening prank caller."
"A young girl buys an antique box at a yard sale, unaware that inside the collectible lives a malicious ancient spirit. The girl's father teams with his ex-wife to find a way to end the curse upon their child."
5 high school students Irving Saturday detention in a former Correction Facility must find a way to outsmart and unseen Menace out to kill them
"In the aftermath of a hurricane, a Florida Park Ranger and his family deal with strange occurrences, including luminescent creatures in the water and people that somehow seem to have ..."
"A homicide detective and an anthropologist try to destroy a South American lizard-like god, who's on a people eating rampage in a Chicago museum."
Trainees in the FBI's psychological profiling program must put their training into practice when they discover a killer in their midst.
"13-year-old Rynn Jacobs lives alone in a high-class Quebec small town, but unknown to the neighbors, she is leading a secret and dangerous life."
An injured hitman befriends his kidnapped daughter's imaginary friend - a perky blue flying unicorn.
A group of very peculiar robbers assault the Factory of Moneda and Timbre to carry out the most perfect robbery in the history of Spain and take home 2.4 billion euros.
"Detective Sherlock Holmes is on the trail of criminal mastermind Professor Moriarty, who is carrying out a string of random crimes across Europe."
"When the puppet cast of a '90s children's TV show begin to get murdered one by one, a disgraced LAPD detective-turned-private eye puppet takes on the case."
Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England.
"Living in exile, Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins) tries to reconnect with now disgraced F.B.I. Agent Clarice Starling (Julianne Moore), and finds himself a target for revenge from a powerful victim (Gary Oldman)."
"While the clock is ticking, with the aid of a witness preparation expert, a successful entrepreneur accused of murder has less than three hours to come up with an impregnable defence."
"The Tashkent Files is a thriller that revolves around the mysterious death of India's 2nd Prime Minister Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri and attempts to uncover if he had actually died a natural death, or, as alleged, was assassinated."
"A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup."
A New York City advertising executive goes on the run after being mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies.
An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents.
"When a young boy goes missing in a sleepy backwoods town, a local sanitation truck driver, Donald, plays detective, embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation."
"Six guests are anonymously invited to a strange mansion for dinner, but after their host is killed, they must cooperate with the staff to identify the murderer as the bodies pile up."
Clairvoyant femme fatale Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men: one of whom she knows will be her murderer.
"A murder inside the Louvre, and clues in Da Vinci paintings, lead to the discovery of a religious mystery protected by a secret society for two thousand years, which could shake the foundations of Christianity."
"When a body is found on the bridge between Denmark and Sweden, right on the border, Danish inspector Martin Rohde and Swedish Saga Norén have to share jurisdiction and work together to find the killer."
The plot is unknown at this time.
"The Four Horsemen resurface, and are forcibly recruited by a tech genius to pull off their most impossible heist yet."
"Rex and Saskia, a young couple in love, are on vacation. They stop at a busy service station and Saskia is abducted. After three years and no sign of Saskia, Rex begins receiving letters from the abductor."
"Beneath the placid facade of Canberra, amidst rising tension between China and America, senior political journalist Harriet Dunkley uncovers a secret city of interlocked conspiracies, putting innocent lives in danger including her own."
An Insurance Salesman/Ex-Cop is caught up in a criminal conspiracy during his daily commute home.
Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon works with a nuclear physicist to solve a murder and prevent a terrorist act against the Vatican during one of the significant events within the church.
"In 1970s Los Angeles, a mismatched pair of private eyes investigate a missing girl and the mysterious death of a porn star."
The story of the kidnapping of 16-year-old John Paul Getty III and the desperate attempt by his devoted mother to convince his billionaire grandfather Jean Paul Getty to pay the ransom.
"A minister of a small congregation in upstate New York grapples with mounting despair brought on by tragedy, worldly concerns and a tormented past."
"In 1885 New Mexico, a frontier medicine woman forms an uneasy alliance with her estranged father when her daughter is kidnapped by an Apache brujo."
"A man is picked up by a fishing boat, bullet-riddled and suffering from amnesia, before racing to elude assassins and attempting to regain his memory."
We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm.
"A law student uncovers a conspiracy, putting herself and others in danger."
A former police detective juggles wrestling with his personal demons and becoming obsessed with a hauntingly beautiful woman.
A retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping to find closure for one of his past unresolved homicide cases and for his unreciprocated love with his superior - both of which still haunt him decades later.
A spy recently disavowed by the U.S. government uses his special ops training to help others in trouble.
A look at the lives of young FBI recruits training at the Quantico base in Virginia when one of them is suspected of being a sleeper terrorist.
"An unassuming office worker is arrested and stands trial, but he is never made aware of his charges."
"An altar boy is accused of murdering a priest, and the truth is buried several layers deep."
Seattle cop Lon McQ investigates the murder of his best friend and the corruption within the police department.
"When Seth receives a mysterious letter inviting him to spend the weekend at a secluded mansion in the country, he soon realizes the people inside the house may know him better than he knows himself."
"The discovery of a severed human ear found in a field leads a young man on an investigation related to a beautiful, mysterious nightclub singer and a group of psychopathic criminals who have kidnapped her child."
A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder.
"As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen -- one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy -- investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice."
A man trapped in a car wreck at the bottom of a ravine must overcome incredible odds to survive.
"A high school senior finds herself immersed in an online game of truth or dare, where her every move starts to become manipulated by an anonymous community of ""watchers."""
A man seeks out his exact look-alike after spotting him in a movie.
When disgraced New York Times reporter Michael Finkel meets accused killer Christian Longo - who has taken on Finkel's identity - his investigation morphs into a game of cat-and-mouse.
A crew of high-tech crooks attempt to steal from wealthy criminals and corrupt businessmen.
Detective Harry Hole investigates the disappearance of a woman whose scarf is found wrapped around an ominous-looking snowman.
"From the moment the new reverend climbs the pulpit, Liz knows she and her family are in great danger."
"It's 1969 at a strict English girls' school where charismatic Abbie and intense and troubled Lydia are best friends. After a tragedy occurs at the school, a mysterious fainting epidemic breaks out threatening the stability of all involved."
"After a wealthy banker is given an opportunity to participate in a mysterious game, his life is turned upside down when he becomes unable to distinguish between the game and reality."
"Based on the 1980s TV action/drama, this update focuses on vice detectives Crockett and Tubbs as their respective personal and professional lives become dangerously intertwined."
"A police detective, a bank robber, and a high-power broker enter high-stakes negotiations after the criminal's brilliant heist spirals into a hostage situation."
"In the bleak days of the Cold War, espionage veteran George Smiley (Gary Oldman) is forced from semi-retirement to uncover a Soviet Agent within MI6."
"Working for the F.B.I., a mathematician uses equations to help solve various crimes."
War veteran turned private detective Cormoran Strike solves brutal murders with the help of his trusted assistant Robin Ellacott.
A historian races to find the legendary Templar Treasure before a team of mercenaries.
U.S. Marshall Mary Shannon must hunt down witnesses for federal cases in the witness protection program while also managing rather dysfunctional family and her own personal life.
Suburban mom Allison DuBois attempts to balance family life with solving mysteries using her special gift. The dead send her visions of their deaths or other crimes while she sleeps.
"The Philadelphia homicide squad's lone female detective finds her calling when she's assigned ""cold cases"", older crimes that have never been solved."
"When Jason Bourne is framed for a CIA operation gone awry, he is forced to resume his former life as a trained assassin to survive."
C.S.I. head Detective Mac Taylor and his team solve crimes in New York City.
"A brilliant and charismatic, yet psychotic serial killer communicates with other active serial killers and activates a cult of believers following his every command."
"Stranded at a desolate Nevada motel during a nasty rain-storm, ten strangers become acquainted with each other when they realize that they're being killed off one by one."
"Cardinal struggles to right past wrongs that could derail his investigation and end his career, as the case grows more violent and twisted, and the clock ticks down on the killer's next victim."
"About Cal Lightman, the world's leading deception expert who studies facial expressions and involuntary body language to expose the truth behind the lies."
A journalist investigates a series of murders near American-owned factories on the border of Juarez and El Paso.
"Fresh out of the farm, Annie Walker must adapt to the challenging life of a CIA operative under the guidance of her handler, Auggie. But soon she realizes her recruit might have to do with her last boyfriend rather than her talent."
A cab driver finds himself the hostage of an engaging contract killer as he makes his rounds from hit to hit during one night in Los Angeles.
"After a bizarre encounter at a party, a jazz saxophonist is framed for the murder of his wife and sent to prison, where he inexplicably morphs into a young mechanic and begins leading a new life."
"In an isolated hospital in the high ranges of Kerala, an autistic patient with special skills piques the interest of a psychiatrist, whose investigation into her past leads to startling revelations."
"Kevin's mother struggles to love her strange child, despite the increasingly dangerous things he says and does as he grows up. But Kevin is just getting started, and his final act will be beyond anything anyone imagined."
"Novelist Catherine Tramell is once again in trouble with the law, and Scotland Yard appoints psychiatrist Dr. Michael Glass to evaluate her. Though, like Detective Nick Curran before him, Glass is entranced by Tramell and lured into a seductive game."
A detective searches for the body of a femme fatale which has gone missing from a morgue.
"A murder mystery brings together a private eye, a struggling actress, and a thief masquerading as an actor."
Two detectives work together to take down a serial killer operating on both sides of the Texas-Chihuahua border.
A CIA interrogator is lured into a ruse that puts London at risk of a biological attack.
"Ten strangers are invited to an island by a mysterious host, and start to get killed one by one. Could one of them be the killer?"
"Fascinated by gorgeous Mrs. Bannister, seaman Michael O'Hara joins a bizarre yachting cruise, and ends up mired in a complex murder plot."
A young lawyer joins a prestigious law firm only to discover that it has a sinister dark side.
Jason Bourne dodges a ruthless C.I.A. official and his Agents from a new assassination program while searching for the origins of his life as a trained killer.
The cases of an FBI unit specializing in missing persons investigations.
Two Los Angeles homicide detectives are dispatched to a northern town where the sun doesn't set to investigate the methodical murder of a local teen.
"Commissioner Martin Beck and his eccentric partner Gunvald Larsson investigate murders in Stockholm, Sweden."
"An all guts, no glory San Francisco cop becomes determined to find the underworld kingpin that killed the witness in his protection."
A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction.
Romance and suspense ensue in Paris as a woman is pursued by several men who want a fortune her murdered husband had stolen. Whom can she trust?
Christmas 1954. Wealthy philanthropist Rachel Argyll is murdered at her family estate Sunny Point. Her adopted son Jack Argyll is arrested for her murder. He vehemently protests his innocence.
A bank executive receives an anonymous phone call informing him he has just a few hours to obtain a large amount of money or a bomb under his seat will explode.
"A tight-knit team of rising investigators, along with their supervisor, is suddenly torn apart when they discover that one of their own teenage daughters has been brutally murdered."
"When a noted anthropologist who left society to live in the jungle is imprisoned for murder, it's up to a young psychiatrist to get through to him."
"As a 1950s suburban community self-destructs, a home invasion has sinister consequences for one seemingly normal family."
A quadriplegic ex-homicide detective and his female partner try to track down a serial killer who is terrorizing New York City.
"Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance."
"During the Great Depression, an Oklahoma farm boy and a charismatic minister learn that they are key players in a proxy war being fought between Heaven and Hell."
An investigation into a government cover-up leads to a network of abandoned train tunnels deep beneath the heart of Sydney. As a journalist and her crew hunt for the story it quickly becomes clear the story is hunting them.
"A group of friends suffer a yachting accident and take refuge on a cruise drifting on the open sea, but quickly realize they were better off on the upturned yacht"
A teen living under house arrest becomes convinced his neighbor is a serial killer.
"When a congressional aide is killed, a Washington D.C. journalist starts investigating the case involving the congressman, his old college friend."
"Three retired police officers are drafted in to solve cold cases, with a touch of comedy and drama"
A young woman's world unravels when a drug prescribed by her psychiatrist has unexpected side effects.
Russell Poole and Jack Jackson investigate the murders of rappers Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac Shakur.
"A woman framed for her husband's murder suspects he is still alive; as she has already been tried for the crime, she can't be re-prosecuted if she finds and kills him."
A Transsiberian train journey from China to Moscow becomes a thrilling chase of deception and murder when an American couple encounters a mysterious pair of fellow travelers.
Chief Inspector Jules Maigret hunts for a serial killer.
A secret Service agent and a news reporter investigate the conspiracy behind the assassination of the President.
"Five married guys conspire to secretly share a penthouse loft in the city--a place where they can carry out hidden affairs and indulge in their deepest fantasies. But the fantasy becomes a nightmare when they discover the dead body of an unknown woman in the loft, and they realize one of the group must be involved."
"Two F.B.I. Agents, with wildly different styles, arrive in Mississippi to investigate the disappearance of some civil rights activists."
A psychological thriller based on the infamous 1892 murders of the Borden family.
When their adopted mother is gunned down in a store robbery the 'four brothers' investigated the murder for themselves & look for the killers but not all is what it seems.
A movie sound recordist accidentally records the evidence that proves that a car accident was actually murder and consequently finds himself in danger.
A smooth-talking private eye is assigned the task of investigating who is behind the hi-tech computer technology leaks to the Russians.
"Apartment building superintendent Cleveland Heep rescues what he thinks is a young woman from the pool he maintains. When he discovers that she is actually a character from a bedtime story who is trying to make the journey back to her home, he works with his tenants to protect his new friend from the creatures that are determined to keep her in our world."
"Libby Day was only eight years old when her family was brutally murdered in their rural Kansas farmhouse. Almost thirty years later, she reluctantly agrees to revisit the crime and uncovers the wrenching truths that led up to that tragic night."
An Interpol agent attempts to expose a high-profile financial institution's role in an international arms dealing ring.
Special agent Avery Ryan works to solve crimes as a CyberPsychologist for the FBI.
"Rick Hunter is a renegade cop who breaks the rules and takes justice into his own hands. Partnered with the equally stunning and rebellious Sgt. McCall, the tough-minded duo set out to crack down on L.A.'s slimiest criminals."
"A depressed homemaker learns that her husband was killed in a car accident the previous day, then awakens the next morning to find him alive and well at home; then awakens the day after that to find that he's dead."
An FBI profiler is called in by French Canadian police to catch a serial killer who takes on the identity of each new victim.
"In a small Korean province in 1986, three detectives struggle with the case of multiple young women being found raped and murdered by an unknown culprit."
A police detective investigates the truth behind his partner's death. The mysterious case reveals disturbing police corruption and a dangerous secret involving an unlikely young woman.
"When the police in a German city are unable to catch a child-murderer, other criminals join in the manhunt."
"Pulp novelist Holly Martins travels to shadowy, postwar Vienna, only to find himself investigating the mysterious death of an old friend, Harry Lime."
A psychic works with the F.B.I in order to hunt down a serial killer.
The cases of an easy going ex-convict turned private investigator.
"An air marshal springs into action during a transatlantic flight after receiving a series of text messages demanding $150 million into an off-shore account, or someone will die every 20 minutes."
"A widower is determined to get to the bottom of a potentially explosive secret involving his wife's murder, big business, and corporate corruption."
"A man believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and has dedicated himself to beginning a new, quiet life. But when he meets a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters, he can't stand idly by - he has to help her."
An overstressed suburbanite and his fellow neighbors are convinced that the new family on the block are part of a murderous Satanic cult.
A successful writer in the midst of a painful divorce is stalked at his remote lake house by a would-be scribe who accuses him of plagiarism.
"In 1952, four women who worked at the wartime code-breaking centre, Bletchley Park, reunite to track down a serial killer."
The rivalry between the manipulative boss of an advertising agency and her talented protégée escalates from stealing credit to public humiliation to murder.
"A color-blind psychiatrist Bill Capa is stalked by an unknown killer after taking over his murdered friend's therapy group, all of whom have a connection to a mysterious young woman that Capa begins having intense sexual encounters with."
"In turn-of-the-century Vienna, a magician uses his abilities to secure the love of a woman far above his social standing."
"When an eccentric family meets in their uncle's remote, decaying mansion on the tenth anniversary of his death for the reading of his will, murder and madness follow."
"Shattered by the unexpected news of their irreversible break-up, an aspiring orchestra conductor is puzzled by his girlfriend's mysterious and seemingly inexplicable case of disappearance. But, can he look beyond the facts?"
"Series of unrelated short stories covering elements of crime, horror, drama, and comedy about people of different backgrounds committing murders, suicides, thefts, and other sorts of crime caused by certain motivations, perceived or not."
"A smart alecky San Francisco, California cop and his get rich quick scheme of a partner keep tabs on crime and take down the bad guys in the Bay Area."
"Set in 1950s Tuscany, Voice from the Stone is the haunting and suspenseful story of Verena, a solemn nurse drawn to aid a young boy who has fallen silent since the sudden passing of his mother."
A blind musician hears a murder committed in the apartment upstairs from hers that sends her down a dark path into London's gritty criminal underworld.
A grief-stricken mother takes on the LAPD to her own detriment when it tries to pass off an obvious impostor as her missing child.
"Suspecting her husband of infidelity, gynecologist Dr. Catherine Stewart hires an escort named Chloe in order to test his faithfulness. Soon, the relationships between all three intensify."
A woman filming a documentary on childhood rape victims starts to question the nature of her childhood relationship with her riding instructor and running coach.
Gambler Jake Green enters into a game with potentially deadly consequences.
A homicide detective brings his partner out of retirement to help catch a serial killer whose crimes are based on the children's game Hangman.
A teenage loner pushes his way into the underworld of a high school crime ring to investigate the disappearance of his ex-girlfriend.
A coverup and witchhunt occur after a politician accidentally kills his mistress.
Two pairs of lovers on a Hawaiian vacation discover that psychopaths are stalking and murdering tourists on the islands.
"A private investigator is hired to discover if a ""snuff film"" is authentic or not."
A writer at the peak of his literary success discovers the steep price he must pay for stealing another man's work.
"Two policemen see their personal and professional lives fall apart in the wake of the ""Black Dahlia"" murder investigation."
Benjamin Gates must follow a clue left in John Wilkes Booth's diary to prove his ancestor's innocence in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
"A woman, along with her lover, plans to con a rich man by marrying him, earning his trust, and then running away with all his money. Everything goes as planned until she falls in love with him."
"In the police investigation of a brutal crime scene, one man was at the center of it all: legendary porn star John Holmes."
"A rare book dealer, while seeking out the last two copies of a demon text, gets drawn into a conspiracy with supernatural overtones."
"Haunted by painful memories and increasing paranoia, a damaged woman struggles to re-assimilate with her family after fleeing an abusive cult."
"Following the death of her father, Alice (Ruth Wilson) returns to her home village for the first time in 15 years, to claim the tenancy to the family farm she believes is rightfully hers."
A Witness Protection specialist becomes suspicious of his co-workers when dealing with a case involving high-tech weapons.
A Florida police chief must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion.
"A paranoid, secretive surveillance expert has a crisis of conscience when he suspects that a couple, on whom he is spying, will be murdered."
"A woman is kidnapped by a stranger on a routine flight. Threatened by the potential murder of her father, she is pulled into a plot to assist her captor in offing a politician."
A reporter returns to his Florida hometown to investigate a case involving a death row inmate.
"A dark thriller centering on Detective Superintendent Elizabeth Bancroft, a female detective with an explosive secret."
"Mannix worked originally for Wickersham at Intertect and then struck out on his own, assisted by Peggy Fair (whose cop-husband had been killed) and Police Department contact Tobias."
"Journalist Gary Webb, California 1996, started investigating CIA's role in the 1980s in getting crack cocaine to the black part of LA to get money and weapons to the Contras/freedom fighters in Nicaragua."
"Set in the intensely secretive world of intelligence and the enigmatic US/Australia joint defence facility in central Australia, the spy-thriller Pine Gap delves into the famously strong alliance between the two countries."
A case of mistaken identity lands Slevin into the middle of a war being plotted by two of the city's most rival crime bosses: The Rabbi and The Boss. Slevin is under constant surveillance by relentless Detective Brikowski as well as the infamous assassin Goodkat and finds himself having to hatch his own ingenious plot to get them before they get him.
"Thriller set in the world of Forensic Pathology. Coroner Paul Herzfeld finds a capsule in the head of a heavily mutilated corpse, containing a phone number and single word: the name of his daughter."
A lawyer becomes a target by a corrupt politician and his N.S.A. goons when he accidentally receives key evidence to a serious politically motivated crime.
Plot undisclosed.
"A man awakens from a coma, only to discover that someone has taken on his identity and that no one, (not even his wife), believes him. With the help of a young woman, he sets out to prove who he is."
A small-time grifter and nightclub tout takes advantage of some fortuitous circumstances and tries to become a big-time player as a wrestling promoter.
An agoraphobic psychologist and a female detective must work together to take down a serial killer who copies serial killers from the past.
"A bookish CIA researcher finds all his co-workers dead, and must outwit those responsible until he figures out who he can really trust."
"When a family is held hostage, former hostage negotiator Jeff Talley arrives at the scene. Talley's own family is kidnapped and Talley must decide which is more important: saving a family he doesn't even know or saving his own family."
A law school graduate becomes the protégée of a successful high-stakes litigator.
A Carer becomes the mother to a secluded isle.
A self-conscious woman juggles adjusting to her new role as an aristocrat's wife and avoiding being intimidated by his first wife's spectral presence.
"Dirty Harry Callahan must stop a sick secret contest to murder local celebrities, which includes himself as a target."
A retiring police detective pledges to catch the killer of a young child.
"Jerry and Rachel are two strangers thrown together by a mysterious phone call from a woman they have never met. Threatening their lives and family, she pushes Jerry and Rachel into a series of increasingly dangerous situations, using the technology of everyday life to track and control their every move."
A mod London photographer finds something very suspicious in the shots he has taken of a mysterious beauty in a desolate park.
A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise.
"A ghost writer, hired to complete the memoirs of a former British Prime Minister, uncovers secrets that put his own life in jeopardy."
A young actor's obsession with spying on a beautiful woman who lives nearby leads to a baffling series of events with drastic consequences.
"New York City writing professor, Frannie Avery, has an affair with a police detective, who is investigating the murder of a beautiful young woman in her neighborhood."
"As computer hacker Lisbeth and journalist Mikael investigate a sex-trafficking ring, Lisbeth is accused of three murders, causing her to go on the run while Mikael works to clear her name."
"As an actress starts to adopt the persona of her character in a film, her world starts to become nightmarish and surreal."
"Simon Templar (The Saint), is a thief for hire, whose latest job to steal the secret process for cold fusion puts him at odds with a traitor bent on toppling the Russian government, as well as the woman who holds its secret."
A police homicide investigation unit investigates violent crimes in the city of Baltimore.
An insurance representative lets himself be talked into a murder/insurance fraud scheme that arouses the suspicion of an insurance investigator.
"This anthology series is about powerful, sexy and dangerous women inspired by and styled in the tradition of pulp stories, film noir and graphic novels. The half-hour program features ..."
"In Victorian London, a Scotland Yard inspector hunts down the sadistic killer behind a series of gory, Jack the Ripper-Like murders."
"A woman tries to straighten out her life, even as her past as a con-woman comes back to haunt her."
An Alaska State Trooper partners with a young woman who escaped the clutches of serial killer Robert Hansen to bring the murderer to justice. Based on actual events.
"Walter Sparrow becomes obsessed with a novel that he believes was written about him. As his obsession increases, more and more similarities seem to arise."
A young writer who follows strangers for material meets a thief who takes him under his wing.
A defense attorney works to get his teenage client acquitted of murdering his wealthy father.
"Letty Raines is a thief and con artist whose life is always one wrong turn, one bad decision, from implosion. Which is just how she likes it. Fresh out of prison, she's attempting to stay ..."
"A British mystery author visits her publisher's home in the South of France, where her interaction with his unusual daughter sets off some touchy dynamics."
A retired military investigator works with a police detective to uncover the truth behind his son's disappearance following his return from a tour of duty in Iraq.
"The murder of a female GP in a rural playground in front of numerous witnesses draws a group of detectives into an ever-darkening mystery that takes them across Europe, aided by mysterious notes sent by the ""Ghost Detective""."
"A single mother is swept into a dark underworld, while her teenage son discovers a road that leads him to a secret underwater town."
"A couple buy a desert motel where they find that strange, mysterious events occur."
An art auctioneer becomes mixed up with a group of criminals partners with a hypnotherapist in order to recover a lost painting.
"An accountant is introduced to a mysterious sex club known as The List by his lawyer friend. But in this new world, he soon becomes the prime suspect in a woman's disappearance and a multi-million dollar heist."
A retired jewel thief sets out to prove his innocence after being suspected of returning to his former occupation.
"In a desperate attempt to prove his innocence, a skilled police negotiator accused of corruption and murder takes hostages in a government office to gain the time he needs to find the truth."
"A detective in post-Katrina New Orleans has a series of surreal encounters with a troop of friendly Confederate soldiers while investigating serial killings of local prostitutes, a 1965 lynching, and corrupt local businessmen."
The disappearance of a baby from a small coastal town in Australia is the catalyst for a journey into the disintegrating psychology of a young couple as they deal with an unthinkable ...
The lives and trials of the staff of a major hospital in Chicago.
"A bald, lollipop sucking police detective with a fiery righteous attitude battles crime in his city."
"Two gifted high school students execute a ""perfect"" murder - then become engaged in an intellectual contest with a seasoned homicide detective."
Dirty Harry is on the trail of vigilante cops who are not above going beyond the law to kill the city's undesirables.
A woman faces deadly consequences for abandoning her loving relationship with her boyfriend to pursue exciting sexual scenarios with a mysterious celebrity mountaineer.
A young girl is found hanged in a theater.
A woman suffering from amnesia begins to recover her memories after trouble from her past finds her again.
When Nicole comes in contact with Father Anton (Corneliu Ulici) more and more inexplicable events occur. The pair begin to believe that the priest lost the battle with a demon.
"A visiting city reporter's assignment suddenly revolves around the murder trial of a local millionaire, whom he befriends."
"A happily married professor, known for having many affairs with students, becomes the prime suspect when a young woman has gone missing."
Police hunting for a serial kidnapper are helped when a victim manages to escape for the first time.
A feisty Vancouver homicide detective tracks down the most cunning of killers by trying to figure out the often unexpected motive to the crime.
Two men attempt to prove they committed the perfect crime by hosting a dinner party after strangling their former classmate to death.
"When a bank is hit by a brutal heist, all evidence points to the owner and his high-powered clients. But as a group of FBI agents dig deeper into the case - and the deadly heists continue - it becomes clear that a larger conspiracy is at play."
"A law firm brings in its ""fixer"" to remedy the situation after a lawyer has a breakdown while representing a chemical company that he knows is guilty in a multibillion-dollar class action suit."
An orphaned teenager is taken in by a Malibu couple but discovers they aren't the caring friends they seemed to be.
"In a hotel room in Paris, a doctor comes out of the shower and finds that his wife has disappeared. He soon finds himself caught up in a world of intrigue, espionage, gangsters, drugs and murder."
"Desperate measures are taken by a man who tries to save his family from the dark side of the law, after they commit an unexpected crime."
"A forensic neuro-psychiatrist reluctantly enters a dangerous and violent world of mistaken identity, police corruption and mental illness."
"A bereaved woman and her daughter are flying home from Berlin to America. At 30,000 feet, the child vanishes, and nobody will admit she was ever on the plane."
A detective investigating a series of murders becomes involved with a woman who may be the culprit.
"A teenage hustler and a young man obsessed with alien abductions cross paths, together discovering a horrible, liberating truth."
Two female police detectives cooperate with each other both in their professions and in their personal lives.
"A U.S. Army officer, despondent about a deadly mistake he made, investigates a female chopper commander's worthiness for the Medal of Honor."
A truck driver plays a cat-and-mouse game with a mysterious serial killer on a desolate Australian highway.
"A chance romance between two men from very different worlds, one from the headquarters of the Secret Intelligence Service, the other from a world of clubbing and youthful excess, leads into mystery after one of them is found murdered."
Dr. Daniel Pierce is an eccentric neuropsychiatrist who uses his unique outlook to help the federal government solve complex criminal cases.
"Faith, a small-town Welsh lawyer, is forced to cut short her extended maternity leave when her husband and business partner, Evan, goes missing. As the truth of his actions surface, Faith must fight to protect her family and her sanity."
The series primarily focuses on the daily lives of Victorian police officers working at a police station in the fictional small town of Mount Thomas.
"Centered around a personally troubled, officially discredited police chief and his inharmonious police team in Ankara Police Force. Even though the show usually focuses on murders and other..."
A teenager finds her perfect life upended when she's stalked by a mysterious doppelganger who has her eyes set on assuming her identity.
A married couple is terrorized by a series of surveillance videotapes left on their front porch.
A television show centered on a soul-searching Swedish cop.
"Soon after moving into their seemingly idyllic new home, a family learns of a brutal crime committed against former residents of the dwelling."
A surrogate mom for a couple becomes dangerously obsessed with the soon-to-be father.
A former boxing champion and his companions get caught up with Russian mobsters after he witnesses a crime.
An investigator from the War Crimes Commission travels to Connecticut to find an infamous Nazi.
"Within the course of one hour 5 stories are shown. None of these stories have any logical explanation, and some of them actually occurred. You are left to decide which of these stories, if ..."
"A fast-tracked inspector, a hardened detective sergeant, and an expert in historical homicides investigate modern crimes with connections to the past in the Whitechapel district of London."
A female police detective investigates a series of serial murders while dealing with sexist hostility from her male comrades.
Jack Bauer comes out of hiding in London to head off a massive terrorist attack while being hunted down by American forces dispatched by President James Heller.
"A family relocates from the city to a dilapidated house in the country that was once a grand estate. As they begin renovations, they discover their new home harbors a secret and may not be completely free of its former inhabitant."
A journalist quits her newspaper job and becomes an arms dealer for a covert government agency.
"A story of two brothers torn from each other. Now on the opposite sides of the law, brothers Sarp and Mert are put against each other, unaware of their fraternity."
"Years after her aunt was murdered in her home, a young woman moves back into the house with her new husband. However, he has a secret that he will do anything to protect, even if it means driving his wife insane."
A homicide detective is pushed to the brink of his moral and physical limits as he tangles with a ferociously skilled hired killer who specializes in torture and pain.
"An up-and-coming gangster is tested by the insurgence of an unknown, very powerful threat."
Four teenagers at a British private school secretly uncover and explore the depths of a sealed underground hole created decades ago as a possible bomb shelter.
A group of young backpackers' vacation turns sour when a bus accident leaves them marooned in a remote Brazilian rural area that holds an ominous secret.
"A sniper on a mercenary assassination team, kills the minister of mines of the Congo. Terrier's successful kill shot forces him into hiding. Returning to the Congo years later, he becomes the target of a hit squad himself."
A short-term memory loss patient sets out on his journey to avenge the death of his beloved girl.
Private investigator Philip Marlowe helps a friend out of a jam then gets implicated in his wife's murder.
"Cassandra ""Cassy"" St. John and Tom Ryan are the new duo in town. It is now their job to catch the killers of Palm Beach. They are ex-partners, who got married, and then divorced. Now they ..."
An off the charts genius who is home schooled and shunned after his last relative dies shows the unconscious residents of his town about connection awareness and the generosity of the spirit.
A special task force in the FBI investigates after every person on Earth simultaneously blacks out and awakens with a short vision of their future.
"Police inspector Carl Mørck is put in charge of a department of cold cases, joined only by his assistant, Assad. They dig into a case about a disappeared woman."
"In 13th century Ireland, a group of monks must escort a sacred relic across an Irish landscape fraught with peril."
A wife and mother is consumed by the thought that her husband's co-worker is trying to win him away from her and their family.
"After a car accident, a young woman caught between life and death meets a funeral director who claims to have the gift of transitioning the dead into the afterlife."
"Strange events happen in a small village in the north of Germany during the years before World War I, which seem to be ritual punishment. Who is responsible?"
"In the dark, early days of a zombie apocalypse, complete strangers band together to find the strength they need to survive and get back to loved ones."
"When the world is under attack from terrifying creatures who hunt their human prey by sound, 16-year old Ally Andrews (Kiernan Shipka), who lost her hearing at 13, and her family seek refuge in a remote haven."
"Super-assassin John Wick is on the run after killing a member of the international assassin's guild, and with a $14 million price tag on his head - he is the target of hit men and women everywhere."
"A woman's search to uncover the mysterious disappearance of her husband leads her to the Congo, where she's forced to seek the truth about what happened to the man she loved."
"A tropical thriller that casts Donald Glover as a musician with designs on pulling off a scheme to rob his way into the good life, which quickly gets him in over his head."
Rambo goes up against a Mexican cartel in what's reported to be his last adventure.
"Robert McCall serves an unflinching justice for the exploited and oppressed, but how far will he go when that is someone he loves?"
"Ethan Hunt and his IMF team, along with some familiar allies, race against time after a mission gone wrong."
A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O.
An ex-hit-man comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that killed his dog and took everything from him.
"An elite American intelligence officer, aided by a top-secret tactical command unit, tries to smuggle a mysterious police officer with sensitive information out of Indonesia."
"Eight years after the Joker's reign of anarchy, Batman, with the help of the enigmatic Catwoman, is forced from his exile to save Gotham City, now on the edge of total annihilation, from the brutal guerrilla terrorist Bane."
"A young F.B.I. cadet (Jodie Foster) must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer (Sir Anthony Hopkins) to help catch another serial killer (Ted Levine), a madman who skins his victims."
"A cryptic message from 007's past sends him pitted against a mysterious terrorist organization called Spectre, and learns of its involvement in previous events of his most dangerous missions."
"After returning to the criminal underworld to repay a debt, John Wick discovers that a large bounty has been put on his life."
A tough bouncer is hired to tame a dirty bar.
A homicide investigator digs deeper into a case involving a trained military sniper who shot five random victims.
"A psycho-thriller set within systems of power in politics, media, and the police."
"Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she discovers the island where her father disappeared."
"An untested American submarine captain teams with U.S. Navy Seals to rescue the Russian president, who has been kidnapped by a rogue general."
A frustrated office worker learns that he is the son of a professional assassin and that he shares his father's superhuman killing abilities.
"A security expert must infiltrate a burning skyscraper, 225 stories above ground, when his family is trapped inside by criminals."
"A man with the ability to enter people's memories takes on the case of a brilliant, troubled sixteen-year-old girl to determine whether she is a sociopath or a victim of trauma."
"Marcus Burnett is now a police inspector and Mike Lowery is in a midlife crisis. They unite again when an Albanian mercenary, whose brother they killed, promises them an important bonus."
"When a mysterious woman seduces Dom into the world of terrorism and a betrayal of those closest to him, the crew face trials that will test them as never before."
"Sam, a bodyguard and counter-terrorism expert, takes a job protecting a rich young heiress named Zoe. Neither party is keen on the arrangement until a violent kidnapping forces them to go on the run."
A hit contract is taken out on a billionaire's daughter who is intent on bringing down a major crime syndicate. A down and out team of mercenaries must take on a group of professional assassins and stop them before they kill their target.
"Barney augments his team with new blood for a personal battle: to take down Conrad Stonebanks, the Expendables co-founder and notorious arms trader who is hell bent on wiping out Barney and every single one of his associates."
"A spy organization recruits an unrefined, but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program, just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius."
"After awakening from a four-year coma, a former assassin wreaks vengeance on the team of assassins who betrayed her."
"Armed with a license to kill, Secret Agent James Bond sets out on his first mission as 007, and must defeat a private banker to terrorists in a high stakes game of poker at Casino Royale, Montenegro, but things are not what they seem."
"Sex, drugs and a gruesome murder. An edgy one night stand turns into a nightmare for Aditya, when he wakes up with blood on his hands. The evidence is stacked against him, but he doesn't remember the grisly crime. Is he guilty or not ?"
"When an American diamond trader's Russian partner goes missing, he journeys to Siberia in search of him, but instead begins a love affair."
"While investigating the disappearance of a teen girl in a tight-knit Galician town, a Civil Guard officer uncovers secrets linked to a loss of her own."
"Bond's loyalty to M is tested when her past comes back to haunt her. When MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost."
"A film that explores the dark and miserable town, Basin City, and tells the story of three different people, all caught up in violent corruption."
Los Angeles police officer Brian O'Connor must decide where his loyalty really lies when he becomes enamored with the street racing world he has been sent undercover to destroy.
Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother.
"An idealistic attractive young couple acquires a stunning, life-like robot for guilt free help, but as the three grow closer, their perception of humanity will be altered forever."
A series of mysterious events change the life of a blind pianist who now must report a crime that was actually never witnessed by him.
A detective must work with an Orc to find a powerful wand before evil creatures do.
"While strange rumors about their ill king grip a kingdom, the crown prince becomes their only hope against a mysterious plague overtaking the land."
"The story of Barry Seal, an American pilot who became a drug-runner for the CIA in the 1980s in a clandestine operation that would be exposed as the Iran-Contra Affair."
James Bond descends into mystery as he tries to stop a mysterious organization from eliminating a country's most valuable resource.
"Jack Reacher must uncover the truth behind a major government conspiracy in order to clear his name. On the run as a fugitive from the law, Reacher uncovers a potential secret from his past that could change his life forever."
"The murder of a young actress starts an investigation that uncovers on-screen tensions, a complex private life, controversial memoirs, and suspected abuse."
"Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet, eradicating the Syndicate - an International rogue organization as highly skilled as they are, committed to destroying the IMF."
An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.
Retiring CIA agent Nathan Muir recalls his training of Tom Bishop while working against agency politics to free him from his Chinese captors.
The CIA's most dangerous former operative is drawn out of hiding to uncover more explosive truths about his past.
"Selene, a vampire warrior, is entrenched in a conflict between vampires and werewolves, while falling in love with Michael, a human who is sought by werewolves for unknown reasons."
An F.B.I. Agent goes undercover to catch a gang of surfers who may be bank robbers.
James Bond teams up with the lone survivor of a destroyed Russian research center to stop the hijacking of a nuclear space weapon by a fellow Agent formerly believed to be dead.
"The Bride continues her quest of vengeance against her former boss and lover Bill, the reclusive bouncer Budd, and the treacherous, one-eyed Elle."
"Two separate sets of voluptuous women are stalked at different times by a scarred stuntman who uses his ""death proof"" cars to execute his murderous plans."
"James Bond investigates the hijacking of British and Russian submarines carrying nuclear warheads, with the help of a K.G.B. Agent, whose lover he killed."
"A retired CIA agent travels across Europe and relies on his old skills to save his estranged daughter, who has been kidnapped while on a trip to Paris."
Things go terribly wrong for a group of girlfriends who hire a male stripper for a bachelorette party in Miami.
"The mummified body of Imhotep is shipped to a museum in London, where he once again wakes and begins his campaign of rage and terror."
Two hip detectives protect a witness to a murder while investigating a case of stolen heroin from the evidence storage room from their police precinct.
A recounting of Domino Harvey's life story. The daughter of actor Laurence Harvey turned away from her career as a Ford model to become a bounty hunter.
"In the near future, a charismatic leader summons the street gangs of New York City in a bid to take it over. When he is killed, The Warriors are falsely blamed and now must fight their way home while every other gang is hunting them down."
"Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what should be an easy paycheck, but when one of their men is murdered on the job, their quest for revenge puts them deep in enemy territory and up against an unexpected threat."
"As two couples are visiting Niagara Falls, tensions between one wife and her husband reach the level of murder."
Centers on a young girl who has been murdered and watches over her family - and her killer - from purgatory. She must weigh her desire for vengeance against her desire for her family to heal.
"After the death of his girlfriend at the hands of terrorists, Mitch Rapp is drawn into the world of counterterrorism, mentored by tough-as-nails former U.S. Navy S.E.A.L. Stan Hurley."
"After a malicious data hack exposes the secrets of the perpetually American town of Salem, chaos decends and four girls must fight to survive, while coping with the hack themselves."
"In November 1984, the Soviet Union's best submarine Captain in their newest sub violates orders and heads for the U.S. Is he trying to defect or to start a war?"
An industrial worker who hasn't slept in a year begins to doubt his own sanity.
"Xander Cage is left for dead after an incident, though he secretly returns to action for a new, tough assignment with his handler Augustus Gibbons."
A middle-aged man in a stagnant marriage finds his life upended when an attractive young woman and her seemingly abusive husband move in next door.
A young soprano becomes the obsession of a disfigured and murderous musical genius who lives beneath the Paris Opéra House.
An ex-prize fighter turned longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses.
"Inspired by classic film noir, ""The Poison Rose"" stars Carson Phillips, an ex-football star turned PI, who's got a soft spot for a lady in distress."
A teenager becomes a major competitor in the world of drift racing after moving in with his father in Tokyo to avoid a jail sentence in America.
"As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client, the Treasury Department closes in on his activities, and the body count starts to rise."
A Palestinian assassin is targeting prominent Israelis. An English actress is recruited by the Israelis to infiltrate the assassin's terrorist cell. This will require all of her acting talents and put her at considerable risk.
A stripper and single mother gets dragged into a dangerous situation after a congressman takes a fancy to her.
"A fearless, globe-trotting, terrorist-battling secret agent has his life turned upside down when he discovers his wife might be having an affair with a used car salesman while terrorists smuggle nuclear war heads into the United States."
"A dramatization of the disaster in April 2010, when the offshore drilling rig called the Deepwater Horizon exploded, resulting in the worst oil spill in American history."
The Coast Guard makes a daring rescue attempt off the coast of Cape Cod after a pair of oil tankers are destroyed during a blizzard in 1952.
"A young CIA analyst Joe Turner, whose idealism is tested when he joins the CIA hoping to reform it from within but stumbles onto a terrible but brilliant plan that threatens the lives of millions."
Retired C.I.A. Agent Frank Moses reunites his unlikely team of elite operatives for a global quest to track down a missing portable nuclear device.
"In 1942, a Canadian intelligence officer in North Africa encounters a female French Resistance fighter on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. When they reunite in London, their relationship is tested by the pressures of war."
"The NSA's illegal surveillance techniques are leaked to the public by one of the agency's employees, Edward Snowden, in the form of thousands of classified documents distributed to the press."
"Colognian commissioner Gereon Rath moves to Berlin, the epicenter of political and social changes in the Golden Twenties."
"In Mexico City, a former assassin swears vengeance on those who committed an unspeakable act against the family he was hired to protect."
A woman fights to protect her family during a home invasion.
"In Canton, Mississippi, a fearless young lawyer and his assistant defend a black man accused of murdering two white men who raped his ten-year-old daughter, inciting violent retribution and revenge from the Ku Klux Klan."
"Alex Godman, the English-raised son of Russian mafia exiles, has spent his life trying to escape the shadow of their past, building his own legitimate business and forging a life with his ..."
"On his first day on the job as a Los Angeles narcotics officer, a rookie cop goes beyond a full work day in training within the narcotics division of the L.A.P.D. with a rogue detective who isn't what he appears to be."
Hour long show which looks at the life of American super-secret operators.
A young police officer must prevent a bomb exploding aboard a city bus by keeping its speed above 50 mph.
"A convicted rapist, released from prison after serving a fourteen-year sentence, stalks the family of the lawyer who originally defended him."
"It's 1949 Los Angeles, the city is run by gangsters and a malicious mobster, Mickey Cohen. Determined to end the corruption, John O'Mara assembles a team of cops, ready to take down the ruthless leader and restore peace to the city."
"After escaping a set up, a dying hitman returns to his hometown of Galveston where he plans his revenge."
"In a politically divided America, a man struggles to make it through the Thanksgiving holiday without destroying his family."
A group of divers find themselves in deep trouble with a drug lord after they come upon the illicit cargo of a sunken airplane.
Dominic Toretto and his crew of street racers plan a massive heist to buy their freedom while in the sights of a powerful Brazilian drug lord and a dangerous federal agent.
Secret Service Agent Mike Banning is framed for the attempted assassination of the President and must evade his own agency and the FBI as he tries to uncover the real threat.
"In ancient China, a group of European mercenaries encounters a secret army that maintains and defends the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures."
"A fisherman, a smuggler, and a syndicate of businessmen match wits over the possession of a priceless diamond."
"When a terrorist escapes custody during a routine handover, Will Holloway must team with disgraced MI5 Intelligence Chief Harry Pearce to track him down before an imminent terrorist attack on London."
"James Bond is sent to investigate the connection between a North Korean terrorist and a diamond mogul, who is funding the development of an international space weapon."
"In a highly regimented boarding school, a pair of students discover that things are not as they seem."
A CIA agent on the ground in Jordan hunts down a powerful terrorist leader while being caught between the unclear intentions of his American supervisors and Jordan Intelligence.
"A humble businessman with a buried past seeks justice when his daughter is killed in an act of terrorism. A cat-and-mouse conflict ensues with a government official, whose past may hold clues to the killers' identities."
"James Bond uncovers a nuclear plot when he protects an oil heiress from her former kidnapper, an international terrorist who can't feel pain."
"After a botched bank robbery lands his younger brother in prison, Connie Nikas embarks on a twisted odyssey through New York City's underworld to get his brother Nick out of jail."
Fact-based drama set during the 1967 Detroit riots in which a group of rogue police officers respond to a complaint with retribution rather than justice on their minds.
"Set deep in the wilds of Appalachia, where believers handle death-dealing snakes to prove themselves before God, Them That Follow tells the story of a pastor's daughter who holds a secret that threatens to tear her community apart."
"Follows the complicated life of intelligence officer John Tavner, whose latest assignment - to prevent Iran from going nuclear - requires him to forgo all safety nets and assume a perilous non-official cover."
A splinter group of Roman soldiers fight for their lives behind enemy lines after their legion is devastated in a guerrilla attack.
A Nazi hunter in Paraguay discovers a sinister and bizarre plot to rekindle the Third Reich.
A bored married couple is surprised to learn that they are both assassins hired by competing agencies to kill each other.
A resourceful British government agent seeks answers in a case involving the disappearance of a colleague and the disruption of the American space program.
"A mild-mannered chemist and an ex-con must lead the counterstrike when a rogue group of military men, led by a renegade general, threaten a nerve gas attack from Alcatraz against San Francisco."
"A dramatization of the July 20, 1944 assassination and political coup plot by desperate renegade German Army officers against Adolf Hitler during World War II."
"With instructions from her genius son's carefully crafted notebook, a single mother sets out to rescue a young girl from the hands of her abusive stepfather."
A well-respected businessman is sometimes controlled by his murder and mayhem-loving alter ego.
Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts.
"An airline pilot saves almost all his passengers on his malfunctioning airliner which eventually crashed, but an investigation into the accident reveals something troubling."
Kyle Braddock has spent the last decade moving witnesses over the border to Mexico and has always avoided confrontation or suspicion until now. Not only has he been framed for kidnapping ...
An ex-Navy Seal turned cook is the only person who can stop a group of terrorists when they seize control of a U.S. battleship.
Newly paroled ex-con and former U.S. Ranger Cameron Poe finds himself trapped in a prisoner transport plane when the passengers seize control.
Set ten years after an apocalyptic event that killed millions and left the world inhabited by ghosts.
Agent 007 is assigned to hunt for a lost British encryption device and prevent it from falling into enemy hands.
"Healthcare professionals, government officials and everyday people find themselves in the midst of a worldwide epidemic as the CDC works to find a cure."
"Two hardened criminals get into trouble with the US border patrol after meeting with a Mexican drug lord, and then revelations start to unfold."
A rogue assassin returns to take down the secret organization that trained her.
"A faithful wife, tired of standing by her devious husband, is enraged when it becomes clear she has been betrayed."
"Set in modern day New York, beloved fairy tales interweave into a subversive tale of love, loss, greed, revenge, and murder."
Former cop Brian O'Conner is called upon to bust a dangerous criminal and he recruits the help of a former childhood friend and street racer who has a chance to redeem himself.
Two Irish Catholic brothers become vigilantes and wipe out Boston's criminal underworld in the name of God.
A Russian teenager living in London who dies during childbirth leaves clues to a midwife in her journal that could tie her child to a rape involving a violent Russian mob family.
Two loose-cannon narcotics cops investigate the flow of Ecstasy into Florida from a Cuban drug cartel.
Some of Sin City's most hard-boiled citizens cross paths with a few of its more reviled inhabitants.
"A timid dog groomer living in a poor suburb sells cocaine on the side and stays out of trouble, while trying to deal with his unstable, violent acquaintance who is a menace to the whole neighborhood."
"Set in the late 1980's Hap and Leonard is a darkly comic swamp noir of two best friends, one femme fatale, a crew of washed up revolutionaries, a pair of murderous psycho killers, some lost loot, and the fuzz."
"A computer specialist is sued for sexual harassment by a former lover turned boss who initiated the act forcefully, which threatens both his career and his personal life."
A world-renowned opera singer becomes trapped in a hostage situation when she's invited to perform for a wealthy industrialist in South America.
A New York suburban couple's marriage goes dangerously awry when the wife indulges in an adulterous fling.
A group of wealthy boys in Los Angeles during the early 1980s establish a 'get-rich-quick' scam that turns deadly.
"A retired FBI agent with psychological gifts is assigned to help track down ""The Tooth Fairy"", a mysterious serial killer. Aiding him is imprisoned forensic psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal ""The Cannibal"" Lecter."
"A film noir taking place in a train terminal at night. Add 2 male assassins, female assassin, waitress, teacher, janitor and crime boss. Add revenge. Who says mystery is a lost art?"
"An adventurous 11-year-old girl finds another world that is a strangely idealized version of her frustrating home, but it has sinister secrets."
"During the Cold War, an American lawyer is recruited to defend an arrested Soviet spy in court, and then help the CIA facilitate an exchange of the spy for the Soviet captured American U2 spy plane pilot, Francis Gary Powers."
"A mild-mannered man becomes a local hero through an act of violence, which sets off repercussions that will shake his family to its very core."
"Two sisters vacationing in Mexico are trapped in a shark cage at the bottom of the ocean. With less than an hour of oxygen left and great white sharks circling nearby, they must fight to survive."
"Inspired by the true events of the 1976 hijacking of an Air France flight en route from Tel Aviv to Paris, and the most daring rescue mission ever attempted."
Agent 007 and the Japanese Secret Service ninja force must find and stop the true culprit of a series of spacejackings before nuclear war is provoked.
Video game adventurer Lara Croft comes to life in a movie where she races against time and villains to recover powerful ancient artifacts.
A S.W.A.T. team becomes trapped in a tenement run by a ruthless mobster and his army of killers and thugs.
"Disgraced Secret Service agent (and former presidential guard) Mike Banning finds himself trapped inside the White House in the wake of a terrorist attack; using his inside knowledge, Banning works with national security to rescue the President from his kidnappers."
"A recounting of a New England whaling ship's sinking by a giant whale in 1820, an experience that later inspired the great novel Moby-Dick."
A man robs a bank to pay for his lover's operation; it turns into a hostage situation and a media circus.
"A very rich and successful playboy amuses himself by stealing artwork, but may have met his match in a seductive detective."
"A three-part story of Norway's worst terrorist attack in which over seventy people were killed. 22 July looks at the disaster itself, the survivors, Norway's political system and the lawyers who worked on this horrific case."
James Bond heads to the Bahamas to recover two nuclear warheads stolen by S.P.E.C.T.R.E. Agent Emilio Largo in an international extortion scheme.
"Ito (Joe Taslim), a gangland enforcer, caught amidst a treacherous and violent insurrection within his Triad crime family upon his return home from a stint abroad."
"After a prank goes disastrously wrong, a group of boys are sent to a detention center where they are brutalized. Thirteen years later, they get their chance for revenge."
A psychopath forces a tennis star to comply with his theory that two strangers can get away with murder.
The true story of a British whistleblower who leaked information to the press about an illegal NSA spy operation designed to push the UN Security Council into sanctioning the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
"A desperate banker, a Haitian-American gang lord, and a Cuban-American hacker are forced to work together to unwittingly create their version of the American dream - organized crime 2.0."
Four young men mistake their lives for a movie and attempt one of the most audacious heists in U.S. history.
"In late 1950s New York, Tom Ripley, a young underachiever, is sent to Italy to retrieve Dickie Greenleaf, a rich and spoiled millionaire playboy. But when the errand fails, Ripley takes extreme measures."
"A successful asset manager, who has just received a huge promotion, is blissfully happy in his career and in his marriage. But when a temp worker starts stalking him, all the things he's worked so hard for are placed in jeopardy."
"A former Secret Service agent takes on the job of bodyguard to an R&B singer, whose lifestyle is most unlike a President's."
"The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and the 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates of the U.S.-flagged MV Maersk Alabama, the first American cargo ship to be hijacked in two hundred years."
John McClane and a young hacker join forces to take down master cyber-terrorist Thomas Gabriel in Washington D.C.
A new assignment forces a top spy to team up with his football hooligan brother.
"Bill and Jo Harding, advanced storm chasers on the brink of divorce, must join together to create an advanced weather alert system by putting themselves in the cross-hairs of extremely violent tornadoes."
"When a singer is found murdered, with her scent glands excised from her body, detectives probe a group of friends who attended boarding school with her."
IMF Agent Ethan Hunt comes into conflict with a dangerous and sadistic arms dealer who threatens his life and his fiancee in response.
"A group of friends join a guide for a trek into the Bolivian jungle, searching for an Indian village. The men soon realize that the jungle is a difficult place to be."
"At a turning point in his life, a former tennis pro falls for an actress who happens to be dating his friend and soon-to-be brother-in-law."
A vengeful father escapes from hell and chases after the men who killed his daughter and kidnapped his granddaughter.
"Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow-covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness."
"Elektra the warrior survives a near-death experience, becomes an assassin-for-hire, and tries to protect her two latest targets, a single father and his young daughter, from a group of supernatural assassins."
"After being betrayed and left for dead in Italy, Charlie Croker and his team plan an elaborate gold heist against their former ally."
Balloon is a German thriller that deals with the crossing of the inner German border of the families Strelzyk and Wetzel from the GDR to West Germany with a homemade hot-air balloon.
A trio of bodybuilders in Florida get caught up in an extortion ring and a kidnapping scheme that goes terribly wrong.
James Bond heads to stop a media mogul's plan to induce war between China and the UK in order to obtain exclusive global media coverage.
"""21"" is the fact-based story about six MIT students who were trained to become experts in card counting and subsequently took Vegas casinos for millions in winnings."
"While investigating a gold magnate's smuggling, James Bond uncovers a plot to contaminate the Fort Knox gold reserve."
"In London, a real-estate scam puts millions of pounds up for grabs, attracting some of the city's scrappiest tough guys and its more established underworld types, all of whom are looking to get rich quick. While the city's seasoned criminals vie for the cash, an unexpected player -- a drugged-out rock 'n' roller presumed to be dead but very much alive -- has a multi-million-dollar prize fall into..."
A gang of criminals and corrupt cops plan the murder of a police officer in order to pull off their biggest heist yet across town.
"An unemployed defense worker frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society, begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them."
"When CIA analyst Jack Ryan interferes with an IRA assassination, a renegade faction targets him and his family for revenge."
"A young thief (Antonio Banderas), seeking revenge for the death of his brother, is trained by the once great, but aged Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins), who also pursues vengeance of his own."
A cop with a connection to the criminal underworld scours a nightclub in search of his kidnapped son.
Six billionaires fake their own deaths and form an elite vigilante squad in order to take down notorious criminals.
A married man's one-night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family.
"The leader of a drug cartel busts out of a courthouse and speeds to the Mexican border, where the only thing in his path is a sheriff and his inexperienced staff."
"In a remote town in Iceland, Police desperately try to solve a crime as a powerful storm descends upon the town."
"A S.P.E.C.T.R.E. Agent has stolen two American nuclear warheads, and James Bond must find their targets before they are detonated."
"An accountant is chased by bounty hunters, the F.B.I., and the Mafia after jumping bail."
A politically sensitive murder forces two disparate detectives into a battle with the Berlin underworld and a confrontation with their own corruption.
"An expansion of the universe from Robert Ludlum's novels, centered on a new hero whose stakes have been triggered by the events of the previous three films."
Allied prisoners of war plan for several hundred of their number to escape from a German camp during World War II.
"A young woman with a mysterious past lands in Southport, North Carolina where her bond with a widower forces her to confront the dark secret that haunts her."
"A young woman fakes her own death in an attempt to escape her nightmarish marriage, but discovers it is impossible to elude her controlling husband."
"An imprisoned I.R.A. fighter is freed to help stop a brutal, seemingly ""faceless"" assassin from completing his next job."
"To protect his brother-in-law from a drug lord, a former smuggler heads to Panama to score millions of dollars in counterfeit bills."
An overachieving college student gets lost on her way to a job interview. A wrong turn leaves her stranded deep in the Kentucky forest.
Americans discover a terrorist plot on a Paris-bound train.
"John McClane and a Harlem store owner are targeted by German terrorist Simon Gruber in New York City, where he plans to rob the Federal Reserve Building."
007 is sent to stop a diabolically brilliant heroin magnate armed with a complex organization and a reliable psychic tarot card reader.
"James Bond goes rogue and sets off to unleash vengeance on a drug lord who tortured his best friend, a C.I.A. Agent, and left him for dead and murdered his bride after he helped capture him."
"Naruto Uzumaki, an adolescent ninja, struggles as he searches for recognition and dreams of becoming the Hokage, the village's leader and strongest ninja."
"A retired Special Forces colonel tries to save his daughter, who was abducted by his former subordinate."
The human stories on both sides of the Israel-Palestine conflict.
"Set in rural southern Ohio and West Virginia, The Devil All The Time follows a cast of compelling and bizarre characters from the end of World War II to the 1960s."
"In London for the Prime Minister's funeral, Mike Banning is caught up in a plot to assassinate all the attending world leaders."
"Shot documentary-style, this film follows the daily grind of two young police officers in LA who are partners and friends, and what happens when they meet criminal forces greater than themselves."
"After deadly terrorists abduct his niece at a soccer match, an ex-soldier with lethal fighting skills wages a one-man war to save her and prevent mass destruction."
"Johnny and a couple pals kidnap Jake's 15-year-old brother, Zach, then assigns his buddy Frankie to be Zach's minder. They develop a brotherly friendship. Zach parties with his captors as things begin to spin out of control."
"During a snowy Christmas season in Sweden, psychologist and profiler Inger Johanne Vik finds not only herself but also her autistic daughter drawn into the investigation of a number of disturbing deaths."
A woman's husband with a perfect life cheats with her sister with extreme consequences befalling them all.
A disk containing mysterious information from a CIA agent ends up in the hands of two unscrupulous and daft gym employees who attempt to sell it.
"A mysterious man arrives at the offices of an FBI agent and recounts his childhood: how his religious fanatic father received visions telling him to destroy people who were in fact ""demons."""
"At a crisis center in late 1971, a freshly minted counselor on the late shift takes his first call: a suicidal teenager whose parents won't let her come home for Christmas. The call exposes..."
"In order to restore their dying safe haven, the son of Poseidon and his friends embark on a quest to the Sea of Monsters, to find the mythical Golden Fleece, all the while trying to stop an ancient evil from rising."
Therapist Jean Holloway becomes too immersed in the lives of her patients.
"In 19th-century Canada, a psychiatrist weighs whether a murderess should be pardoned due to insanity."
"A mob enforcer's son witnesses a murder, forcing him and his father to take to the road, and his father down a path of redemption and revenge."
A teenage girl raids a man's home in order to expose him under suspicion that he is a pedophile.
The plot is currently unknown.
"After their plane crashes in Alaska, six oil workers are led by a skilled huntsman to survival, but a pack of merciless wolves haunts their every step."
"A desert warrior rises up against the evil army that is destroying his homeland. He captures the enemy's key sorcerer, takes her deep into the desert and prepares for a final showdown."
"Two upper-class teenage girls in suburban Connecticut rekindle their unlikely friendship after years of growing apart. Together, they hatch a plan to solve both of their problems-no matter what the cost."
A shocking incident at a wedding procession ignites a series of events entangling the lives of two families in the lawless city of Mirzapur.
An arms dealer confronts the morality of his work as he is being chased by an INTERPOL Agent.
"During World War II era, a young woman, Wang Jiazhi, gets swept up in a dangerous game of emotional intrigue with a powerful political figure, Mr. Yee."
"A group of teenage girls must deal with supernatural fallout stemming from an innocent game of ""Light as a Feather, Stiff as a Board"" when they start dying off in the exact way predicted."
